one of the best shopping in the valley.
I have two thoughts on what to write for a review so here are both and you can take your pick.Dear Mr. and Mrs. Postinto;We regret to inform you that we would like our menu back.Sincerely;2007orStale bread - YES Please!
As good as all the others; and closer to home than most.
Love this place; sushi is good and great customer service!
My hubby&I were in for lunch-approx 1:30PM. Was just us and 1 other customer. Ordered tuna salad sandwich&potato salad. Hubby ordered the cheeseburger&fries. Refills on my tea were not fast enough for me;I had to find someone. Hubby loved his burger;Angus I think. My homemade potato salad was not seasoned-loved the texture; but had to add salt&pepper for any flavor. A few quotes written on the walls was part of the decor. One from the class of the local high school has a misspelled word!!!! anticipate They put it up last Sept and its still wrong. Everything we ordered came as we asked for;server got it right. We might be back another time.
Food is great; but service is horrible.  The servers are rude and it took a 30 minutes to get our drinks and another 30 for our food. I really liked this place when it first opened.  We live in the area and had hoped for this to be a regular place for us to come to eat; drink and meet friends. I hope the management fixes the problem with the service.  If you are going to try this place; I suggest you sit at the bar for better service.
Let me preface this review by saying that for the past 2 years I have lived in Boston; which has some decent Chinese restaurants; great food; but rude/curt/abrupt service. I had learned to keep my head down; not make eye contact and not ask any questions. Eat as fast as possible and get the hell out before someone starts yelling at you!So understandably my guard was up when I entered Mu Shu Asian Grill. However; complete opposite here. Mr Mu Shu welcomed me to his establishment; asked me if I had ever been here before and took the time to explain the stir fry/salad bar station.I was in the mood for Mu Shu; and a place named Mu Shu must have great Mu Shu; right? Mr MS described to me his version of MS; I heard him say something about a burrito; but I really wasn't paying too much attention as I smugly thought I knew everything there was to know about Mu Shu! Boy was I wrong! When I get it; it's bigger than my forearm. It's packed full of shrimp; veggies and fried rice. Wow; what a great flavour!You've heard of Asian fusion? This is Mexasian!
I was in phoenix on business and im allways looking for some good eats ; I found this place with the help of yelp and food network app on my i phone . I originally planned on getting the waffle that everyone raved about ; but ended up getting the Special Andouille sausage scramble ( spicy!) but very good . Hash Browns were good and i also liked the sour dough toast . When i go back im definatly gonna try the waffle Be ready to wait for a seat ; it doesnt seem very big . Singles get seated faster because they have counter style seating
Sandwiches are good but for the price it's not that good...3 subs and 3 drinks for over $30???? I think I will stick with subway...this place isn't that good and when you order a cheese steak sandwich why do you have to add the veggies they normally come with and pay extra???? The owner needs to get a clue!!! You aren't that good to charge these inflated prices...bring them down a bit and see your clientele grow!!
Found it by strolling through Old Town; liked the look/feel from the outside and peeked in and like it even more.  Mah/pop joint for 22 years the last 19 by same two partner's.  Very friendly bartender and server/owner greeted us immediately; as sat ourselves in this small quaint lil joint; most accompanied by locals; but did have the usual tourist of which we are.  Full bar; menu of usual bar/grill fare; but we dug it.  A club sammy and the special today; the pulled pork sammy.  Both solid; not too anything including grease or sauce so that was nice.  Great steak cut fries and potato salad to match.  Bottomless soda and iced tea.  Great place regularly checking back if we wanted anything; if it was to our liking and offering to top off our drinks.  We understand the desert is bomb; but didn't have any room for it.  Check it out!
We stopped in to cash in our free taco coupons we got from the Suns game. It seems like there is a Jack in the Box on almost every corner here and this location is very clean although the service was a little slow. I don't know what's in the taco's (and I don't want to know) but we love them.
I have had a few facials from Rochelle when I visit AZ; and she does wonderful work. I highly recommend her!!
I am just going to hit on the new Mill Avenue's New Year's Eve since most of the year; Mill Ave is exactly what you would expect so you should know if this is the kind of atmosphere you want to visit or not. Because the Fiesta Bowl didn't find hosting the NYE block party as profitable; Tempe was left to execute the event alone starting 12/31/12. Previously; Mill was barricaded off; you had to pay to enter; and the block party included a variety of stages and outdoor vendors you could visit while mulling around the crowds or visiting the Mill Ave shops/bars. At the north end of the party was a stage that generally included a well known music performance. Now that Tempe has taken over; the only significant difference between NYE and any other night on Mill is the crowded sidewalks. Now; while I have a hard time faulting a non-profit for backing away from a losing venture; in the case of the Fiesta Bowl; an organization that has proven to be a private circle jerk for Arizona's most-connected individuals; where their organization benefits heavily from public support well beyond their NP status; they seem to only find losing ventures as those which do not provide the most value to the Fiesta Bowl members personally. The city of Tempe's 2012/2013 event was enough to make sure I don't return next year. Honestly; I don't even give one star reviews but there is nothing to savor about the event as a whole. It's free and you get exactly what you pay for -- crowds of people crammed onto the sidewalks so pedestrians can't move and traffic can't make it through the crowds that saturate the crosswalks. There is no organization so each bar is doing it's own thing (except more crowded/expensive than usual); and all the while; the only entertainment is the same burnouts who always sit on Mill with their drum music trying to engage pedestrians for money.  But should you still decide to go next year -- because the city's PR department will tell us that they've made it better than ever -- don't say I didn't warn you.
Somewhere that can actually make proper foam not only out of regular milk but soy milk! Very good granola and Amish pastry. Definitely will be back in my next passing through of Phoenix! Great customer service as well.
I just visited here for the first time a couple nights ago and the gelato was amazing; along with the service. We used a Groupon with our order which made the deal great; otherwise it is a little pricey for the portion you receive. The customer service was great and I will return!
It has been interesting seeing Sky Harbor airport grow over the years.... And there is a new airport train; and a new parking garage still being built.... Which adds to a little of the chaos trying to get around. Particularly on the weekend; when construction is in full swing.Ideally; if you fly out of Terminal 2 or Terminal 3 they are usually less crowded (shorter lines) than Terminal 4.
Okay burgers. Unlimited toppings for no extra charge.  Awesome fries. Cool soda machine.
This place is great! The pizza is so yummy; thick chewy crust and good sauce makes it one of my go to places for pie. The wings are fantastic with a diverse amount of different sauces to choose; from the classic mild; medium; and hot to BBQ; honey hot and my favorite sweet baby rays sweet chili.The interior of the restaurant is large and nicely decorated with lots of wood trim and there is a kids play area and TV's to watch sports and such. Sit outside in the patio or take it to go.
YUM; if you like a pizza with no sauce; get the Snow White! Lots of garlic; cheese; seasoning. Declicious!!
Welcome to the funkiest place in Goodyear. If you've been craving sheet-metal winged pigs but regretting that Cave Creek is practically a day trip from the west valley; you may feel tempted to lie on the floor and weep tears of joy.This Armadillo provides fine circuit training for working off breakfast at the Black Bear Diner; including a loft with moderately steep stairs. Like its cousin up toward Metro Center; it's an antique mall in the sense of focusing mostly on vintage items and less uncommon antiques; plus a smattering of collectibles. This is the kind of antique mall I prefer; since it really functions as a sort of fantasy department store for shoppers who have a middle-of-the-road budget but whimsical or retro tastes.Like the other Armadillo; stock here runs somewhat more to the frilly and ornate than to the mid-century modern; but it's not a total lock-out of swellness in favor of sweetness. Unlike the other one; there's a larger variety of dealers who aren't typical antique-mall fare: things like reproduction hardware; the aforementioned sheet-metal winged-pigs; repro tin signs; garden ornaments made from vintage dishes. This isn't my cuppa; but in context; it provides useful variety; and it fills booths (there are more empty booths here; but it's still fairly new).A number of dealers seem to actually be replicated here; including the scrapbook store. Also replicated is the cheery professionalism of the operation: clean restrooms; occasional seating areas; efficient check-out; and available snacks. When you're hiking a layout this big; these things come to matter.
Dr. Liaw  is fantastic!  She has convenient office hours; her office is clean and inviting; she spends a lot of time with her patients; and is very friendly.  I highly recommend Dr. Liaw.
My boss took us here for a little Holiday lunch the other day and i have been dreaming about the burger ever since! Seriously; the term cheeseburger doesn't even to justice to the masterpiece they brought me! And the parmesan and truffle oil fries were amazing; too! The decor is kind of cool; sort of an American Teddy Roosevelt feel... Grand old pictures; deer head; and dark wood mixed with high ceilings and light colors so it doesn't feel all heavy. Ok; back to the food... The burger has applewood smoked bacon and grilled onions mixed into the patty. It is incredibly juicy without being greasy! They top it with Havarti cheese; place it on a buttered grilled brioche bun; and serve it with a couple of different sauces... One was like a garlic butter type of sauce and the other was like a horseradish mayo. I ate every single bite and didn't care that i was stuffed to the gills or looked like a pig in front of my co-workers! To leave any bit of that on the plate would have been a travesty!  I can't wait to take hubby here for lunch (dinner would be wayyyyyyy too expensive).
If I had written this review prior to an incident in September it would easily be 4 stars.The bar tenders were awesome.  One night I was carrying around a largeish trophy (Why because I own one).  I put it on the bar to order beer and they asked me if I wanted a glass or if I wanted them to put it in the trophy.  Yes; yes I did (although they did have to pour the drink into the glass first cause the trophy was to big to properly fit under the tap).  This might not be a big deal to some; but since I've been kicked out of bars for drinking out of said trophy before and that was the first time I've ever had a bar tender be so cool about it.  Every time I've been hear the bar staff has rocked even when they are extremely busy.Food.  I think I've eaten here once; so I'm not going to comment on it.  However I have been here when they switch from neighborhood bar mode to dance bar mode.  If you are at a table still eating at that time they have no hesitation moving your table out of the way; if you're lucky they will tell you about it before hand.It's a good place for watching football/UFC/etc.  Could maybe use some more TV's.  Music is nothing outstanding; it's your typical dance/top 40's/etc that you would expect at any college dance bar.  Since the crowd often is college/recent grads; it fits the bar nicely.I don't normally include bouncers in my reviews; but after what I saw the last time I was there; it's affected my opinion of the place and is the reason the place is only getting 2 stars.  If you are kicking someone out and the are leaving peacefully; there is no reason to put your hands on him; other than maybe to keep him from falling over the place.  So when I see a bouncer aggressively pushing a guy who has thrown up his hands in surrender; and in the process the bouncer knocks over a girl who has done nothing wrong; that's just not cool.  Maybe it's just me but I would think someone who works for the bar should be picking her up off the ground instead of nearly trampling her to help the bouncer who put her there while throwing out someone who is giving them no resistence on his way out.
This is a pretty chill spot for drinks & bar food.  We went on a Sunday night after a big meeting that was held at the Phoenix Convention Center.  They were able to accommodate a group of about 20 of us without any issues (not a whole lot of people there).  Their quesadillas and curly fries are quite good and I could not help reaching for the nachos again and again; but definitely avoid their Caesar salad (I know; who orders salad at a bar anyway?!)
This is the first time I've had a bad experience at an Oreck store. My 6 year old sweeper suddenly began spewing dirt out. The bag wasn't close to full yet and it didnt appear anything was stuck. The sales associate without opening it up began to insist I needed a new roller brush for $40. When I showed him it looked fine to me and wouldn't that be covered by warranty; he got upset with me and began stomping around. I also showed him a warranty sticker from 2010 on the machine which stated that there was a new roller brush installed and also asked him to look up my Oreck warranty. He found my name in their system and then began shoving my sweeper at me insisting I just take it and leave then; since I obviously didn't trust him. This man was totally weird and his behavior and attitude felt very unprofessional.  I still like Oreck but do not recommend this store.
Meh.  Service was friendly; and the atmosphere is bright and festive; but it's pretty Americanized Mexican food.  I had a California burro ($9.49); which was a large size; and tasted OK; but for about 1/3 of the price and for about the same size; I can get a better tasting burro with the same type of ingredients at Los Favoritos.  I've also had dishes with their Baja sauce; which tends to be too heavy tasting for me.
Pretty good food. Super friendly service. Very clean.First time I have had duck at a buffet and it was pretty good; just not the crispy skin. Lot of seafood items. They kept things well stocked and didn't just dump the new stuff into the old (a health code violation) They pulled the old pan out and put the new one in. We will definitely be back.
Best chocolate croissants EVER!!!!
Five of us enjoyed a casual and wonderful dinner at Blue Adobe. The fresh chips and dark salsa were very good - it took a lot of willpower to stop munching the chips and salsa before our meals arrived. I ordered the chicken chorizo which was accompanied by twice-baked potatoes served in a jalapeno pepper half - unique and zesty - as well as grilled vegetable strips.  All five of us truly enjoyed our meals. The atmosphere was comfortable and casual. Our server; Ashley; was excellent. I would definitely recommend Blue Adobe if you are in the Scottsdale area.
Ask for Jose. He's the most genuine and helpful associate. He's spectacular.
Do Not Eat Here if you think a bathroom in any way has anything to do with the cleanliness of the food preperation.  There was literally dried smeared feces on the toilet seat and the floor looked like it had never been washed.  Of course the restroom cleaning check-list was not initialed the entire day. Oh...I almost forgot there were no paper towels to dry my hands.  I told one of the employess and he says I know dude.  It's rediculous that the bathroom looks like this when you have 10 employess standing around with their thumbs up their asses gossiping. Burger was over-priced.  Milkshake was ok.  Also no napkins anywhere in sight on the tables or at the bar area.  Apparently napkins are something you have to ask for?  Whoever owns this place needs to get a better manager at this facility; because he is loosing money with all of the one-time customers who will choose to go somehwere else next time.
Highly recommend. This is my second time here and I see #3 on the way.I've had the (bistec encebollado & arroz imperial with shrimp no melted cheese) I do recommend both plates. Next time I will try (ropa vieja)Great service! Ask for Kelly.
Came to Phoenix from out of town to visit friends and they brought us here for some drinks and a night out.  Well ... from my one night here; boy was it entertaining.  It was some sort of Santa Claus night where everyone was dressed as Santa - somehow we didn't get the memo.  While we sat there drinking decent drinks on the cheap; we watched as the Santa Clauses 1) did some uh in appropriate things 2) failed romancing 3 ) participated in crazy drunkenness.So .. maybe not indicative of the place itself but I will remember this place fondly and might even make it there for the next Christmas.The only negative was it was soo busy that the waiter took forever in the beginning and it was impossible to get a quick drink.  The crowd did thin out a bit as the night went out so that made it better.
my first time here at blue 32 was great. i came for happy hour I had the chicken wings and a chambord margarita both are fantastic! service was friendly and fast.
Just left. I wanted to eat another pizza it was that good.  The Biagga was fantastic. Probably the best prosciutto style pizza I've ever had.  Owner and staff were very friendly.   I will be back again.
So good and soooo cheap. I love the turkey pesto or the strawberry cream cheese; but honestly everything is great. My kid orders off the menu...a pb; banana and bacon crepe. Yum!
Tried this place for the first time tonight; and was impressed with absolutely everything. Well-lit building in a decent location in the Arcadia area. I drove here from the Garfield neighborhood and it was well worth it. Juicy chicken and awesome cafeteria throwback crinkle fries; along with one of the best slices of toast I've ever had. All three of these foods were still crispy when I got home; which almost never happens with fast food. I wish I had gotten the girl's name who took care of me. She was cute as a button- very enthusiastic and happy to answer my questions. I'll be back here soon!
Just dropped off a pre-paid label package.  A young lady was on duty.  Very cheerful.  This was a dead-easy transaction.  Drop off package; get receipt.  Other than having to wait in line (there was one person ahead of me); it was quick and easy.
Don't believe I have ever had a bad visit to this place.  They know the family (because they frequent here often) and so we are usually greeted by first name.  It is a nice place to relax; get a fw drinks; and eat while visiting the Family.  The steak was very good; prices were not as crazy as I was expecting - but then again it is always nice when Dad picks up the tab.
Space Age Lodge is a comical and obscure spot to stop in during a road trip. However; if you are vegetarian; skip it. The only thing on the menu I could order was a very greasy quesadilla.
Cool place. Went here for my friends ASU Graduation ceremony.
They wouldn't honor pet co's online sale prices.  That's the first time I've heard about this.
I've eaten at quite a few Yogis Grills since they started opening up in Arizona a handful of years ago. Their teriyaki chicken is pretty good and you get quite a bit for your dollar. However!!! Two things. 1. No matter which location I go to the service always seems sub-par. It seems everyone that works at Yogis Grill just seems uninterested and lacks the ability to be friendly. *shrug* Its not overly bothersome to me but it would be nice to have friendlier service. 2. Their sushi; is not that good and they are ridiculously over priced. I can go to Kona Grill which is a nice restaurant and get much better tasting sushi for nearly $2.00 cheaper! I just can't get past how expensive their rolls are AND it doesn't taste much better then grocery store sushi. I'll still go there for teriyaki but not for sushi; its just not worth it.
THis place is great! I need an adjustment every now and then but I live in Scottsdale and my regular Chiropractor is so good that he is always booked up ahead of time; so if I tweek my back unexpectedly I can't get in soon enough quite often. So.. now I have a place to go seven days a week that is every bit as good as my normal Chiro. I have only gone to the weekend chiro but my wife and one of my employees have seen Dr. Brian and they love him. So if you need a good Chiro... go see these guys any day of the week. Try em you'll love em!
Still a place that is unacceptable in my book--especially when a server there goes out of their way to message me privately on Yelp to complain about my punctuation; and signing off--every so sincerely i might add; with:  love the B*tchy waitress from AZ88.Way to keep it classy over there.....
I love the concept of this place. There are three different restaurants each serving breakfast; lunch or dinner. This was the first time I went to the Farm Kitchen; since I usually go to the other place for breakfast. Anyway; their lunch did not disappoint. What I love about their place for breakfast; was delivered for lunch. There were yummy sandwiches; salads; side dishes; and dessert. I ordered the chicken salad sandwich and it was perfect. It was loaded with mayo; which I hate. It had full of flavor! I ate my sandwich outside in the sun surrounded by trees. Great place to take visitors too!
To preface; I LOVE Starbucks and have visited locations in many cities around the world. While the brand changes slightly to accommodate the local clientele and culture; one thing that stays fairly consistent is the Starbucks customer service model of making your drink the right way in a timely manner and doing with exceptional customer service. This Starbucks location is not the best when it comes to delivering an amazing experience to the customer.The baristas are abrasive and the service is not speedy. I tend to order brewed coffee with a side of ice water and something to eat (usually a bagel or lemon pound cake). The brewed coffee is fairly quick but I was amazed at how long it took to throw a bagel into the toaster and return it! After standing and tracking my bagel on the next visit; I noticed that it was sitting in this food line after leaving the toaster getting cold. Has anyone thought about designating a batista to be assigned to simply hand food to the already paid and waiting customer? I don't have to work as a batista to understand that there's a problem with this supply chain.  I've visited this location several times prior to writing this review with an attempt to see another perspective but my perception remains the same.
I wanted to buy the groupon for this place; so I read the reviews (despite seeing the 2 stars on yelp). Clearly; I am not goin to either buy the groupon now or ever plan to go this place. It seems the management neither cares about the reviews here nor does anything to change that. Plus it pains me to see the correlation between the prices of the items here; the quality of food/ambiance offered & the ratings on yelp. I am sorry I am reviewing this place before actually going here; but thank you yelp for the warning. Not changing this until I see an improvement though
Fast; good; and clean. Unless you are in just after the high school kids get through; which is impossible to defeat; this is a great little Mexican food stand style place. Finally a place has embraced the gringo breakfast burrito (bacon; potato; egg and cheese) and named it; New Breakfast Burrito. If you are in the area and hungry; worth a trip!
Great salad; great pizza; excellent brews; and good service. We'll be back.
Fantastic vietnamese food. The staff is very friendly and attentive.The pho dalat; bun bo hue; and mi la kai are must haves.  The pork and shrimp rolls and the roast quail are perhaps the best I've had anywhere.
I wanted to like this place a lot more.  If i could rate on hype it gets a 5 but after having this ice/custard concoction I cant do more than 3; in fact I would give 2 because as yelp describes; Meh. I've experienced better.  The decor and staff is all nice; clean and friendly... I assume the staff is clean but I could be wrong about that.  I got the ice deal with custard and the custard is like frozen yogurt but thicker and not really custardy I don't know it was ok.  I would much rather go to Baskin Robbins and get one of those clown face ice cream cones I got when I was a fat kid or some flying saucers; hell I would get all of that put it in a blender pour and awesome milk shake then make some chocolate pancakes for a well balanced meal.  I gotta go....
Everything and the kitchen sink; just waayyy to much stuff....I get lost on what I came for. I am just not a big shopper for home stuff but I have came here to buy some christmas gifts or gifts in general. I am not a hater I would prob rate these stores higher if I was more of a shopper for these types of items. Do not avoid this location based on a 3 star review; prices are good and they sells quality items here. Visit with confidence.
I loved the peach creme brulee pancakes.  Every year that we come here; the pancakes always win.  It should be free if you can finish the meal; like if you can finish the massive steak at that steakhouse in the Texas panhandle.
Average Target.
First review of 2013.Before going out to dinner one night; my wife was browsing in this store and I met her there.Pretty amazing place.  Beyond me; there was not a trace of Y chromosome in the entire shop.  Amidst a few small rooms; you will find clothing; accessories; handmade knick-knacks; accessories; shoes; accessories; make-up; accessories; accessories; and accessories.  And did I mention accessories?Lots of unique; fashion stuff here and a lot of stuff you never expected--even stuff you didn't know existed.  You might be tempted to bring your tween or teenage daughter here; but there is a distinctly ADULT room here too; so parental guidance is suggested.One more plus is that the owner sells things on consignment; so if you make unique bling or interesting; wearable; girly. . .stuff. . . that nobody else makes; take it to her instead of selling it on Etsy.  If she likes it; you may have just found a place to sell it.You've been to the corporate mall stores--now try Trampolina.  If you're looking for that one thing that will complete your look and you haven't found it yet; you may just find it here.
Okay; this should be 3.5 stars - but I rounded down because of the price uppings on the menu...which I understand - but the duct tape was a bit tacky. They could have at least gone with some masking tape. :)Food was good. I even branched out from my normal 'Bertos ordering of the carnitas plate (It just happens to be my favorite; and I order it ... in every dive I go to in this country...name that actor that I'm paraphrasing).I didn't branch out too much - went carnitas taco and 3rolled tacos with guac. Guac was good; a bit less chunky thatn I prefer; but not bad. Coulda been spiced up a bit...I suspect its more of an avocado puree than a true guac. Carnitas had good shells (2 soft/warm corn; like it should). Nice crust on the meat. Really seared it well. Can't remember what GF had...shredded beef tacos I'd bet. That's her 'Berto's go-to. All in all; not bad. If anyone can explain that wooden structure hanging below the drop ceiling for no apparent reason; I'd like to hear what your theory on it is. We'd stop in again; but there's a few other 'Berto's just as close (or closer) that we'd probably hit up first.
I went to Spinatos for the first time and had a nice younger gentleman as a waiter.  I asked him if he recommended the vegetable or da Greek pizza.  He told me da Greek pizza was new and all fresh and to give it a shot.  I chose the pizza with their signature sauce instead of the olive oil option; and it was one of the most delicious pizzas I have ever had. The toppings were delicious and it was immediately taken from the oven to my table which made it completely fresh.  I will definitely return; and I will order this pizza over and over again.My only complaints was it was very hot in the restaurant and kind of noisy.  Seemed to have many kids but it was not intolerable.  This is a must try place.  Coming from Chicago where good pizza is abundant; I can say I've had my fair share of good pizza...so I have a high bar for what I'd consider excellent---an excellent pizza is da Greek pizza at Spinatos in Phoenix.  MUST HAVE
LOUD. The walls are paper thin; and I didn't know this was a party hotel until it was too late. As in five am and people were still partying and I could hear every word through a closed door. There was urine in the toilet when we arrived; which made me wonder if anything had been cleaned. We had to open a window on a cold day because the room smelled bad.  Fifty cents worth of candy and pop and very spotty wifi should not amount to a $17 resort fee. Lame channels only on tv and not great reception there either. Deluxe Philosophy toiletries were a joke too: it was a bar of drying soap and a tiny bottle of lotion that didn't smell all that great. It's silly that they advertise these as enticement. We wanted to use the exercise room before dinner but would have had to walk through the restaurant's waiting area and then some hospital's Christmas employee party to get there and back! I could only recommend this place to rich kids on spring break. One star for being a local business; as badly as it might reflect on Phoenix. The one nice thing? A comfortable bed with nice sheets that you won't sleep a wink in.
I was so excited when I saw a Vietnamese restaurant going in close to my house.  There isn't a decent place to get Pho around here.  Angelina's is delicious!!!!! The inside of the restaurant is very nice; modern and very clean; the staff was friendly and the service was fast.  I ordered Rare beef Pho and it was great; the broth was fresh and full of flavor; the meat was the most tender beef I have ever had in pho and there was a generous helping of beef and noodles.  We had the calamari appetizer and my mom ordered the Crisp and Crunch Rolls AMAZING shrimp tempura; sweet potato; wild berry cream cheese so good I may go back tonight and order it for take home.I would definitely recommend Angelina's Pho & Grill to any Pho lovers out there.
The best pizza. Yes what you here is true; the wait is long and sometimes you will wait more then 3 hours. A good tip not to wait. Get there right when they open and you will be sat almost upon entry. Everything they have is good. It's the best pizza!!
So bad.  The food was inedible.  Salad was awful weak dressing mixed greens with bland cheese.   Fries and onion rings mushy.  2 items i wanted both not available.  No veggie patty option.  Service was awesome which is the only reason we did not walk out.  Unpleasant.  Hubby and i have been tummy sick all night.  Bummer.  Really wanted to like it.
Ate here with some friends and we all had the lunch buffet. Thought it was pretty good; pretty solid selection for the price. I enjoyed the lamb very much-it was nice and tender and the chicken tikki masala was pretty good too. For dessert they have a pretty mean mango custard too :) can't comment on the authenticity of everything since I don't eat Indian food often. I would definitely go back again though!
I would give this location 5 stars...fast drive through and my drink was delicious!  However; I don't know how me ordering a raspberry peach iced tea warrants an attitude and opinion.  Girl at the drive thru questioned me twice when I was ordering and then made a comment to me that my order was weird.  Flavored teas are known to be mixed...try it before you knock it! ;-)
The Impress (copy & print) in this store totally rocks. Justin & Ashley have provided our business with exceptional service; always have our orders done in a timely manner and are very knowledgeable about their products!
Love their food!!!!
Great breakfast; but tiny venue. There was a long wait.
When you walk in; you get the feeling of walking into a NY pizzaria. The service; the pizza; & the build you own thin crust pizza was awesome!
I love hot dogs...regular; corn dogs and my favorite Chicago dogs! This place becomes pretty busy during weekday lunch time but offers great specials!  The Hot Dog Stop does have grilled and steamed dogs.  Also; they offer some great sides like fried mushrooms!  If you are looking for a quick and inexpensive lunch; you should check this place out.  It's worth the stop!
I've been back to Wedge and Bottle a half dozen times; and never been dissapointed! You can read my full review at http://forkvsfood.com/wedge-and-bottle-review/
This is a no frills delicious place to get some quick mexican food. The food authentic and fresh and I have never diliked anything i have gotten there. You can't go wrong. The salsa bar is only okay and i am a salsa whore so this but this is probably a big point for a great mexican place.
Love. Love. Love.Great view on the patio. Wonderful interior/ambiance. Lovely service.My only issue is that the drinks are much smaller than average happy hour drinks (or at least the one I had was); which is why I gave it 4 stars. We also got the happy hour fries; which contain chili flakes; be warned. The fries were an ample serving for two.
Total charge - zero for fix a flat
I ordered some cupcakes from Urban Cookies. They were wonderful! Everyone loved them; and I really liked the variety of flavors (Orange Blossom; Strawberry; Double Chocolate; etc.). The cupcakes had a great texture and were really delicious. I'd recommend Urban Cookies to anyone.
Well; some dishes are good and some dishes are not so good.  Portions on the small side compared with ACE and Mekong Palace a mile north.  3 1/2 rounded up to 4.
This review is only for their Caffe Sanora. Searching for wellements.com mentioned on the coffee package takes you to WellementsBaby.com. Don't know why or if they are the same company...But this whole bean COFFEE is delicious. Expensive; yes. Beautifully packaged; yes. All the packaging claims about being certified USDA Organic and a patented process seem legit to me. I've no reason to doubt them. The lower side of the package says Caffe Sanora is manufactured for Wellements; LLC.®If you're a coffee lover give it a try; either the Breakfast Blend or Signature Blend. Both are available on iHerb and Amazon.
Great food; great service.  I'll be back soon!Nice to find a great place!
Very unpleasant experience. Creepy male doctor. Uncaring. And no help.I went to this Urgent Care with a swollen ankle so painful that I was nauseous; dizzy and having vision problems. The doctor interrogated me and advised me to get my head examined. I'm not kidding. Mom was right: good doctors don't advertise. This place actually solicits Yelp reviews.
ZERO stars!I traveled from STL to SFO a few weeks ago (with a layover in PHX). I have a couple complaints;One; I was checking 2 pieces of luggage in STL. One ended up being 14lbs. over weight (it was a cooler with food I bring home each year from my dad). I was charged an additional $90 on top of the $35 initially for the cooler to ship (including the $25 for my first bag- so $150 total)! This is an OUTRAGEOUS additional charge! I thought overweight bags were charged an additional $25 like other airlines I've had to pay at but $120 to ship one bag is just insane (and a set price for overweight bags is NOT listed on your website)! On top of that I paid $250 for a pet ticket so my baggage fees were $400 total... $100 more than my round trip ticket to fly. I couldn't believe that!On another note; the woman agent helping me at STL was the most rude customer service agent I've ever dealt with anywhere! She was rude to me about the overweight baggage and then claimed my dog was too tall to fit in her carrier so she claimed she wouldn't allow her to fly. She raised he voice at me and called me a very inhumane person for making a dog ride like that for a whole flight; seriously making me cry. I fly all over the country to do shows with my dog and this has never been a problem; including on the first leg of my trip when I bought the round trip dog ticket in SFO. This woman name-calling was totally inappropriate... people in line beside me were astonished. Since I had my round trip dog ticket purchased already; and she was sick of fighting with me over it; she let me go but told me the gate person probably wouldn't let me on the flight (and of course the gate person did).Between the dog crate episode and the bags; I have never been treated so poorly and charged with such ridiculously high adage fees. I'm very disappointed to not be able to fly US Air anymore since I never had problems with them in the past. It was a horrible way to end a very nice holiday vacation.I have passed the word on to as many people and websites as possible not to fly this airline!
Pros: -No breed restrictions on dogs-Washer and dryer in unitCons: -Awful and idiotic leasing staff. Forms will be missing or prepared incorrectly.-Rude and inadequate maintenance (be prepared to supply your own tools half of the time)-Trash divers daily that no one does anything about-No on-site security (you can call after 9 pm for a courtesy patrol but it takes them hours to arrive) and the front gate is NEVER closed-Vandalized cars -A MURDER (this was the location of the man who set his pregnant girl friend on fire)-The main pool is beautifully maintained and clean. The 3 other pools are small; dirty; and frequently closed. -Bug infestations in most apartments-Dogs kept on patios 24/7 (a clear violation of the lease) so their barking can be heard by all-The basketball court and tennis courts are never available; as they are constantly used by kids to bike ride on with the encouragement of the apartment staff-Tons of potholes! Driving through the parking lot requires excellent shocks and there is minimal guest parking-The apartments have less insulation than a cardboard box. Freezing in the winter; sweltering in the summer. Nothing is fitted correctly to it's frame; either. If you can afford a better place; I highly reccommend it.
The boyfriend and I like to do little staycations every now and then so when we saw a deal advertised for the Camelback Inn we jumped on it. We stayed two nights in just a regular room; I guess. They had several different kinds of suites (even rooms with a private pool!) but our room was a standard room with a nice patio facing Camelback Mountain. The room was spacious and clean; the bed was comfy and the patio was the perfect place to enjoy breakfast.Camelback Inn was much bigger than I expected. Lots and lots of buildings spread out over the property. It's not the easiest place to find your way around but at least it's pretty to look at while you get lost. At the back of the property is a little ghost town set up. It looks like they do corporate events - cowboy cookouts - but nothing was going on while we were there. But we had fun wandering around the town and taking goofy pictures of each other.Even though it was December it was warm enough to hang out by the pool. The pool is heated so that helped and there are two hot tubs as well for really chilly days. They have an abundance of lounge chairs and even offer float rafts and fun noodles for the pool. There were kids splashing around but the area is big enough you can hide away from the action if you prefer.We ate at two of the restaurants while we were there - BLT Steak and Rita's Kitchen and both were fantastic. We loved our Camelback Inn staycation and would not hesitate to go back - especially in the summer when the rates are low!
I was not impressed. For a business traveler; there are better choices nearby. When I drove up; the valet told me there was no self park; but I could see it less than 100 yards away from my room. I used it during my stay; and it was convenient and much less expensive. The entry of the hotel was constantly blocked by party goers; and I couldn't find any alternate entrance/exit. My bill was wrong at checkout. They adjusted it; but then mysteriously placed an additional unauthorized charge of $13.94 on my credit card. Seriously wishing I opted for Embassy Suites across the road...
So; after finding out I didn't have to be a juror today; I decided to go to Treehouse to celebrate!  I got 12 different cupcakes (intending to share with my husband and friends at work of course!) and wasn't disappointed. I love the caramel chocolate and peanut butter chocolate ones best! The only ingredient I hope Treehouse considers adding is avocado; since it makes vegan cupcakes decadently rich!  One of the sister's who co-owns and is a co-baker was a doll. We both are hoping Phoenix continues to build up a variety of veggie- conscientious; healthy/delicious places to frequent.
We were visiting Scottsdale from Carlsbad; CA.  Came here with my husband and teenage son.  We each ordered something different and none of us really liked the food.  The tortillas served with the soup are the same served at Taco Bell.  The entre plates are a huge blob of reheated beans and rice. The saving grace was the sopa pillas.  I feel we wasted $75 for an unimpressive dinner and wouldn't recommend coming here.
I don't remember shopping at this location prior to the remodel.I can see myself shopping here much more often in the future.  I'm already thinking about how much it sucks to shop in the summer when it's 110 - but covered parking?!?  oh; yeah; I'll be there in the summer.Nice and clean; easy to shop; wide aisles; no clutter in the end caps.  SO easy to shop this store.Went in today for an advertised price on chicken that we were planning on having tonight.  Asked the meat guy if there was any more chicken left.  Was told that they were sold out.  I told him that the reason we came to his store was because of the price and we were planning on eating the chicken tonight with dinner guests.  I asked if he could sub something; and he said; SURE; no problem!  Friendly; helpful; super easy.I also mentioned that the last time we came in; I bought something with a manager special sticker on it but was charged the regular price.  The customer service guy refunded my money with no questions!  Awesome.Great store; nice selection of bulk items; fresh produce; large service deli; in house bakery with some incredible looking treats; clean.....I'll definitely be shopping at Bashas!  As if I could rave anymore; it's a LOCALLY owned business!
I've been here a few times. I love that it's vegetarian friendly! I think I've ordered every vegetarian option they have; the most recent being  the Veggie Cole Turkey. I think it might be my favorite. The mock turkey they use is divine and the coleslaw & Russian dressing are so tasty! The staff is always super friendly and the service is always quick. Prices are a little higher than what you'd pay at any other chain sub shop; but that's not really a con to the place. The quality of the ingredients make it worth the price. And you get a lot for what you pay for. A small is more than filling! A few things I wish they would change is the fact that they use so much paper to wrap their sandwiches. It's quite wasteful and I feel like my small sandwich wrap paper takes up the entire table. Also; I really wish they would have a Veggie Bobby on the menu! I'm sure many vegetarians who eat there probably feel the same way.
The building itself has that Frank Lloyd Wright 70s vibe going on...not my taste; but our City isn't very old so I can live with this minor aesthetic annoyance.  (Remember when they almost tore the Orpheum down? Not cool. Fight to keep history here folks...)Anyway; anytime I hear people begrudgingly ask What is there to do in Phoenix?  I would have to suggest: We do have culture here; if you're willing to venture outside of your comfort zone and outside of the suburbs. Phoenix is privileged enough to have an Opera Company and Ballet Company who are great at what they do. I saw the Nutcracker most recently and GOODNESS; they all had impressive resumes.  The conductor; and costume designer were definitely stand outs.  As audience members we are supremely lucky because the venue itself is small enough to ensure you will have a fantastic seat no matter where you are.I will go back. I can't wait to go back. My soul craves this; as should yours.
If I could give zero stars; I would. Just about the worst experience for my friend and I. We came in for a quick and easy dinner.  After being ignored at the door way repeatedly; we sat ourselves.  First; we had a girl server who said shed be back with menus; but right in front of us at the bar we see her flirting instead of coming back. Our server switched to another guy who was just as bad at serving. I have no idea how this place ever received more than one star based on the staff alone. They're lazy; slow; and completely ruin the entire experience of dining there.  The happy hour prices are great; but there are other RA's so do yourself a favor and go to a different location.
These are not real French treats. I'm surprised some of the reviewers say they've been to Paris. First of all; they're not macaroons (those are Jewish coconut cookies) they are macarons (one o) and these were the most amateur macarons I've seen. The feet are big (the feet are the rim of the cookie) and the cookie body itsself is airy and thin whereas a true macaron is light but doesn't actually have air pockets in it (the cookie dough is still present throughout). The filling is not ganache like it should be - it's a buttercream like you use for cupcakes. Chocolate croissant was decent so I'll add a star for that.
I live in LA where these shops are on every corner.  I can say without a doubt; this is the best FroYo I've had!On top of that; the store staff is super-friendly and the place is immaculately clean.  They are also serving gelato; pastries and fresh coffee/espresso.  Check it out!
Out doing some shopping w/the Ms; Stopped in for a quick bit to eat & WoW was the place packed! She had never been & I had to see the Hostess for a table; when two seats at the bar opened up. Now my honey doesn't useually like sitting at the bar stools as she has a bad back but we were kind of in a hurry; as is everyone this time of year. I hadn't been in a Chompies since 1980...WoW what a mistake; I forgot how damn quick the service was & how GOOD the food was!!!! My girl even said the bar stools were comfrotable & that this was here new favorit place! I will be back soon!
I went here with my parents on a super crowded Friday evening. We had to wait about 40 min; but decided to order a couple of drinks while we waited. Once we finally got seated; I decided to order the Chicken Madeira; which is their most popular dish. It was sooo good! It was a huge portion; but I somehow managed to finish it. I can see why everyone loves it! My dad ordered the Ahi and had to get them cook it more b/c it was practically raw and cold. It was probably supposed to be like that; but he didn't know what he was getting himself into. They took extra care in getting this done - both our waiter and the manager came over to make sure they were on the same page as my dad before cooking it more thoroughly. They also brought my dad a complimentary house salad while he waited. We decided to end our meals by all splitting a piece of their Peanut Butter Cup cheesecake. OMG. So good. Most importantly; we found that the service at this location was really good! Our waiter was funny; and rolled with the punches...nothing seemed to phase him.
Vegan Mexican with a urban funk to it. Should it work?  I dont know. Did it work?  Not really.We walked in; it was empty quiet and after 20 seconds a surprised guy walked in and greets us. We take out seat on the purple booths and browse the menu while we sip watermelon water. Things got a bit stranger from there.The menu had many interesting options; but each one we tried to order we found out that the didn't have chips; mushrooms or chorizo; key ingredients in many of the things on the menu. We had to just ask what can we order.We ordered and waited; as the sun set it became quite dark as no one had turned on the lights. Another customer walked in but the waiter was busy working as a cook. It became even darker as we waited. The other customer finally was given a menu and the lights were turned on; however it was still pretty dark. Our tacos came; they were a bit small we each had 2.5 tacos I assume the 1/2 a taco to make up for the lack of chips on the side.The tacos them selves were good; nice flavors crunch etc. for $8-$9 they should be good.  However the other problem sunk in as we were leaving; we were still hungry and after $21 and 45 min we were less than happy.The next day they had posted a photo to Facebook; not about their food; or a special but look how how our waiter/cook is.   So I guess if you want to look at toned male waiter this is your spot. Otherwise there are many kinks that need to be worked out.
It's ok; good for a quick bite. I don't understand the almost cult like following.Made a mistake and had the shake instead of pop and was sick for hours.Staff was very friendly; but they needed someone dedicated to keeping the place clean.
Occasionally I just feel like going out for just basic breakfast; i come to this particular MacDonald's.  It's a place to have a big breakfast and watch some of the interesting people that you now are regulars among others. It's always clean and the service pretty quick. it's by no means and exciting venue!   is okay for what it is.  I am not a big breakfast eater so it serves the purpose when I am in that particular mood.When I am traveling I often go to a MacDonald's for breakfast.  I usually need to eat something and can count on pretty standard fare and a decent price.  If it's just before catching a plane in the morning; a Greek meal that I might prefer first thing in the morning might not set well at takeoff as a big breakfast..
I usually do not complain about bad food but the fish and chips gave my wife a serious case of food poisoning.  So if some manager reads this please check out your fish supply or change the cooking oil.  She never gets sick and has been sick all day (December 29; 2012) from the meal eaten December 28; 2012.
Like they even need another review - they have a solid 5 stars as it is!Just got back from my first visit to Adobe; and I am beyond impressed. My German Shepherd pup was having some stomach issues over the holidays; so I decided to have him checked out to be on the safe side. I knew he didn't have an obstruction or other emergency issue; but I was concerned about parasites.The receptionist; Hilary; was super sweet on the phone and in person. She was upfront with what tests she thought would be ordered; and how much it would run me (and it wasn't an arm and a leg; the office call was only $56). I was very happy they'd be able to see me the next morning; but then she called back not 20 minutes later with a cancellation and said to come on in. Even better! The tech was very good with Nately's 40 pounds of squirming; and loved on him the whole time. I was also happy they let me help hold him - I've been to vets that called in a 2nd tech; like the owners aren't capable of safely holding their own dog. Okay; maybe some aren't; but I am; and I appreciate being able to and not being instructed like a child.Dr. Newland was AWESOME.The difference between him and some other vets I've been to?- Other vets: Oh my God; we need to run $500 worth of expensive tests and start him on multiple medications; general sense of admonishment for not rushing him to their affiliated ER clinic; eagerness to run the bill up; very few questions about anything; etc... -Dr. Newland:  Super calm and personable. He spent 20 minutes going over everything (Nately's last few days of activity and stomach issues; diet; contact with other dogs; where I take him in public; anything he could think of really); felt his abdomen thoroughly; and said Honestly; he's a puppy; they eat funny things; and something probably just irritated his stomach. He's plainly feeling pretty good; so just feed him a bland diet; give him this medication to settle his stomach; and bring a stool sample just in case; so you know for sure he's parasite-free.  He also dispensed advice for Nately's general care; as long as we were there; about heartworm prevention and  necessary vaccines; etc. I even got a good education on the different types of parasites and which were even likely in AZ's climate (turns out; not many). I really appreciated that he didn't try to frighten me into expensive diagnostics and possible serious diseases; and that he is so on his game and scientific/logical about things.I am very impressed and will be making Adobe my regular vet for as long as possible. If only they treated birds too!
I love this store.  The produce is always fresh; they have an interesting selection of frozen items including some great appetizers; the meat department is outstanding - I've tried a few different kabobs from here (spicy kabob rocks); bakery is great; nice selection of hard to find dairy items like fig yogurt; fair cheese selection including a local fresh burrata and mozzarella that will knock your socks off; excellent selection of wines and craft beer; and a floral department that has exquisite arrangements.Aside from the above; they make great sandwiches; have a nice salad bar; have different take out dinners available every night; have a pasta night and will make you a fantastic iced tea or an iced latte that rivals any chain.  They also have an awesome grill - they will make you a kobe blue cheese burger that is out of this world.  The hot dogs are delicious but they are gigantic (and a little unsettling to look at).One piece of advice before you go; not everything turns over quickly so check the dates.
The Asst Mgr; Roddy went above and beyond in helping me to resolve an issue with homedepot.com. Thanks to his exceptional customer service; and patience with this extremely upset customer; I will continue using Home Depot as my supplier. Great Job
sslowest drive through ever!!!
We recently took a weekend getaway to Phoenix and stayed here. The Hotel is beautiful and our rooms were spacious and very comfortable. The staff here are topnotch. I love the lobby wine & hot apple cider hour in the afternoons; and the lobby coffee & hot chocolate bars in the mornings. We had access to the Golds Gym across from the hotel and were able to get a good workout in their cardio theatre. There is an outdoor skating rink right outside and a small shopping/dining area. It is located right across from the stadium and could walk to our event. I would definitely recommend staying here; especially if you are attending an event at the arena.
This place is home.
Bosa Donuts at Southern and Mcklintock in Tempe is part of a strip mall that I have been visiting since I was just a kid. Except; back then; Bosa Donuts was a Taco Bell. A few years back Taco Bell moved a half mile down the road into a new building and Bosa Donuts set up shop. About a year ago I discovered another new store in this strip mall which is Fallout Games; an awesome video game store. For this entire last year I've been driving past Bosa on my way out of the complex after visiting Fallout Games and taking a curious look as I drive by but until this week I had never tried it. After reading all the positive Yelp reviews; I had to give it a go.Well; first off; It's 24 hours; which is huge in my book since I'm almost always up until four or five in the morning. The drive through display is lighted and shows their menu but you have to actually order by pulling up to the window. Since I was there at 3am I asked what was fresh at the moment and the guy was very patient and helpful with listing off what he had available. I just got a few frosted donuts (or raised; as they call them) and was on my way. Right off the bat; I noticed the box was pretty heavy. I only ordered a half dozen but it felt at least as heavy as it does when I get a dozen at Dunkin Donuts. When I got home; I opened the box and realized their donuts are at least thirty percent bigger than Dunkin Donuts of Krispy Kreme.Anyway; the donuts are awesome. Best tasting donuts I've ever had. I probably shouldn't make it a habit to come here twice a week; if I want to live past forty; but I'll definitely be stopping by once or twice a month from now on. Hope this place sticks around.
Summary: not impressed.Arrived early afternoon; ironically maybe that was the problem - there wasn't enough going on; place was dead. I would have hoped that a restaurant manager would realize that the few customers they may have at a slow time are just as important as those on a Friday night rush - standards are standards; you either have them or you don't.Waitress was pleasant but not attentive - with a total of 3 occupied tables had to get up and get her attention for more chips. Chips though were very good; needed hotter salsa.My friend had the steak fajitas; tasted OK but just luke warm. Fajitas are supposed to be sizzling hot; duh.I had a so-so tamale and chicken enchilada. Enchilada was just warm; mostly a flat layer of cheese. Tamale filling was tasty shredded meat (as it should be) but corn meal was barely warm and almost tasted only partially cooked. Refried beans weren't warm enough to even melt the grated cheese sprinkled on top; which consequently then pulled off in a single congealed mass when I took a bite. Finally; the Cadillac margaritas were just average at best. $50 plus tip for two meals plus two margaritas; not worth it.The place looked promising and has a cute patio area but we won't be back - someone's not watching the store. I'm trying to be generous with the two stars as some other Yelpers seem to like this place; maybe things can get better.
Could not ask for a better place!
This is real Central/Southern Mexican food--del Distrito Federal.  If you don't know what that means; you probably have no concept of real Mexican food (and FYI; burritos are NOT real Mexican food) and need to travel outside of the resorts in Rocky Point; Cancun; Acapulco; etc.  My wife (del D.F.) and I are here every weekend because this is the real deal.  The tortas are equivalent to (and; in some cases; much better than) those to be found in Mexico City (and yes I can say that from experience).  Their quesadillas; sopes; and huaraches are huge and are on-par with everything we've found in el D.F. and el Edo. de Michoacan.  Not sure how they can mimic the authentic taste of la masa de maiz here in the USA; but they certainly pull it off.  All ingredients are fresh; and the meats are juicy and delicious.  Ceviche is top-notch.  If you do want to Gringo/Norteno out; they do have burritos with green and red chile sauceand flour tortilla quesadillas.  Atmosphere is friendly and clean--this is not gourmet; but not a hole-in-the-wall either.  The original 7th Street location is the best we've found in the entire US--bar none.  The Western location leaves a little to be desired in terms of taste and service.  Plenty of wait staff fluent in both English and Spanish; so be patient and they'll take great care of you!  CANNOT GIVE A HIGHER RECOMMENDATION!!!
I shop here frequently for hair color and nail products because I live close by. I wish I had $10 for each time I received different coloring tips from employees; I'd be able to quit my job and retire to the Caribbean.Every employee with whom I have spoken in this Sally's has given me different advice; always the complete opposite of what I had been told before. Shouldn't employees at Sally's have to go through special training? Employee #1- You don't want the red tones in your hair? You should get the 6N to neutralize the red. Employee #2- You have red tones in your hair? You should get the 6NN. The 6N will give you red tones.What?! Needless to say; I still have coppery red tones AND a greenish tint in my hair.
Hipster-ey and pretentious; but the coffee is great! Their scones and stuff are really delicious too. If you like iced coffee; an iced toddy is great. Their cappuccinos are smashing.
How many bites does it take to get to the lamb filled center of a gyros-pop?I'd say one; cause if you can't find gyros on the first bite; there's probably something wrong with your order ;-) ... are you sure you didn't order the chicken?And you thought I was going to say something deep and meaningful; you obviously don't know me that well.Cypress Grill is my favorite place for a gyros in Central Phoenix. There's a handful of them around (gyros spots that is); but if you're looking for a gyros and within a few miles of this place; I'd say skip all the rest. I've tried at least five or so spots that serve em nearby. You'll spend a couple bucks more here than at the other places; with a gyro running you about $8; but I'm happy to conclude that Cypress is my favorite gyro in town.The hummus here is good; so is the spanikopita and dolmades. For those of you who are carb counting; you can get your gyros in a salad too. I've done that a few times myself. All in all a solid choice for medditeranean dining - one of the better spots in the area. Happy Yelping Phoenix!
I love this store because they stock high quality food products for my dogs and they take the time to educate people on what they are feeding their pets.  The staff is always friendly and helpful and the prices are very reasonable compared to some of the other higher end pet stores.
I love pizza.  I really don't have a better way to start a review other than me sharing my love for pizza.  Meat; cheese; and carbs all put together that also acts as its own servicing dish just seems genius to me.  I love Vincent's Pizza but their delivery service is awful.  I recommend either eating there or ordering pick up.Meal:  I usually order the smallest of the sizes; with Italian sausage and fresh mozzarella and cannolis.   Taste:  Vincent's has the best pizza and awesome cannolis.  Their pizza is New York style and has the right amount of floppiness to it.  Their ingredients seems to be top notch and fresh.  This is the real deal pizza.  10 out of 10.Value:  This is expensive pizza; but I am probably the wrong the person to ask about this because once I find a pizza I love; I will pay almost anything for it.  I wish they did serve a smaller size pizza for individuals (the fiance doesn't care for New York style pizza); so that means you end up having a bunch of left over pizza. 2 out of 5.Service/Cleanliness:  Here is why they got one star.  Their customer service is awful; awful; awful! If you ask for a pizza to be delivered; it takes well over two hours . . . even though they will wuote you that it will take a little over an hour.  One two separate occasions; the price given over the phone ends up being lower what you have to pay when it arrives to the door.  And finally; ever single time you call them asking 'where the heck is my pizza'; the managers/owner always throw their own people under the bus instead of stepping up to the plate and being accountable.  Service at the physical restaurant isn't that much better either.  0 out of 10.Atmosphere:  Very generic decorating.  Can't remember if there was music.  Could use a major overhaul.  1 out of 5.Overall:  If the service wasn't so god awful; they would be my go to pizza place in the valley.  The taste is absolutely amazing . . . . it is in my top 3 pizza places.  But the service is so completely awful; the taste isn't work it.  13 points out of 30; 5 out of 5 stars.
I admit; I am a loyal Harkin's fan. With the refill cups; and popcorn refill; it's hard to beat Harkins. This theater features art films and indie films; and is a quaint little theater. I do wish they had the stadium style seating; and nice comfy chairs; but what are you going to do; we can't have everything. I am hoping sometime they update the place; but it is what it is; and a great place to see smaller release films.
I have not been to a bad location yet!The food was good and service met the mark. I do have one small complaint on this trip.  Ordered the Rib/Rib combo.  The Baby Back portion was over cooked.  The ribs were crispy and charred.  But the St. Louis ribs met the mark. Also had the mac and cheese.  Nice touch with corn and jalapeno. Famous Daves remains a nice fall back when needing the quick fix for BBQ.
We stopped in for a bit to eat and some sports watching the other night. My boyfriend had never been before and we are close to down town so it seemed a great idea. Pleased we were! First we got a bomb parking spot right out the front door and it wasn't too crowded so we got a nice table and served quickly. They have happyhour until 7pm; which I love! Most place stop at 6; which sucks since most people cant make it anywhere without driving light speed before 6pm after work. So 7pm cut off for HH is a great find! Pass it on!We ordered the boneless wings to start with half medium sauce and half of their special TD sauce; I recommend both! TD sauce is similar to Zipps Golden sauce if you know what that is like; but better. Then I got the chicken tacos; very good. Enjoyed them greatly! Exactly what I was looking for; hit the spot! Jon got some kinda spicy pasta; which when it hit the table looked amazing; however big prob; they put mushrooms in it; this isn't listed on the menu and Jon is allergic. They took care of it quickly though; remade his selection sans mushrooms and we found out it was as good as it looked. Very nice staff; clean inside; fast service; lots of TVs.... and great happyhour specials!
We were having lunch provided for us at work on Christmas Eve.  I was put in charge of ordering and picking up food; and my boss instructed me to get pizza from Grimaldi's.  I called and placed the order on the Friday before; and called to confirm the order on that Monday morning.  When i showed up 10 min past the time I told them I wanted to pick up the pizza; I was sure it would be there; however; it was not.  They did not have my order and I was left with 80 hungry people. That's as bad as the story gets; though.  The manager came over and said they were getting started on my order and that it would be 10-15 more minutes.  Although it ended up being 45 min; we had all the pizzas we wanted.  To top it off; the manager took care of the order for me to make up for being late.The pizza was of course delicious; and I want to thank Grimaldi's for doing the right thing to keep a customer happy!  I would definitely feel comfortable giving them my business again for another work event.  Mistakes happen; and as long as they do the right thing they're ok in my book.  Thanks Grimaldi's!
Not bad; I found it a little pricey and the staff was either spacey or just didn't care (I didn't get a can of soda I paid for). The food is excellent though. I started getting the food to go; the place itself is a little annoying to hang out at.
Overall good park. Its pretty big in the big dog area. And too small in the small dog area. I have a mix retriver 4 months old that love to play with the big boys so no problem here ;). I also like the obsticals for the dogs. The dogs water fountain was dirty. Thats a problem. And also there is no signing to direct you to the park. But... We had a good time :)
My daughter and I enjoy trying out different frozen yogurt places during our jaunts about town. While we were in Scottsdale; we did a little Yelp search; and up popped Yogurt Builderz!This place; like many of the others around town; is a self-serve operation. Pick your cup; fill it with whatever makes you happy; top it; and then pay for it based on weight. As usual; my daughter and I opted to share a small cup; and we each topped our own half.For this adventure; I think we choose a peanut butter favor. (Originally; I thought we picked cake batter; but I was mistaken...thank you for the update from the owner.) It was a low sugar option; which works in both mine and my daughter's favor...after all; sugar will keep her awake for hours; and at my age; my metabolism is ever waning...so; every chance we get; we go for low cal. Granted; peanut but wasn't the only low cal option Yogurt Builderz boasted; it's just the one that sounded the most appealing to my daughter. Although the selection for the various yogurt flavors wasn't as extensive as some of the establishments we've frequented; the toppings certainly didn't disappoint.  As she often does; my daughter found the gummy section of toppings; and threw some on her half. Being that it was peanut butter; I wanted to add something to go with it.. Being a peanut butter lover; I threw in some tiny peanut butter cups....like adding bacon to bacon!!!While we were eating; I noticed that this place has a lot of customer (children's) artwork strewn about the walls. I like that they have such a dedicated following. It certainly speaks to their local feel.The cost was comparable to many of the other froyo places scattered about town. Still; the place was rather small; and the selection wasn't as vast as I've grown accustomed to from some other places. Granted; I like that they rotate in new flavors; though so does everybody else. Overall; this place; to me; is pretty decent. Not my favorite; but I certainly wouldn't turn down an invitation to go should one arise.
Food is great.  Best Thai in West Valley.  Always get takeout so not sure about the service; but takeout is always ready when they say it will be ready.  The atmosphere is quiet and cozy - about a dozen to fifteen tables or so.  Place always seems clean when I pick my food up and has the type of decor you'd expect to see in a Thai restaurant.  I usually get red chicken or beef curry hot; and my wife gets green curry mild.  The food is excellent.  Their egg rolls aren't very greasy like most places.  Spring rolls are also made fresh to order with fresh veggies.  The only thing is; sometimes the spiciness of the curry will be spicier some days and not as spicy others.  Other than that; this place is great.
We made a last minute decision to go out on New Year's Eve.  The restaurant was very busy but after just a few minutes a couple of seats opened at the bar ( our favorite place to sit) and the bar tenders; Blake; Kennan and Clair were ON IT!  They were very busy; but did not miss a new face at the bar or a glass writing for a refill.  The food was excellent. My husband had the baseball steak with twice baked potato and I had Prime Rib  with lobster tail and twice baked potato. Everything was cooked to perfection. Oh yes! Start with the garlic cheese bread as it is yummy!
I am giving this location 5 stars cause its been my stomping grounds for atleast 12 years now; its always very good; clean; and I have never had a bad experience here. Wendys locations are just class acts; they are always my go to burger fix. I also made this my daughters first burger when she wanted to finally try one so she could have a good experience for the first one and always have a tasty burger to judge the rest by for her life. If its good enough for my daughter; then its good enough for you :) eat up and review.
Great lean pastrami and cole slaw. Marble rye and challah were a little bland and dry. I always appreciate diet Dr. Brown's cream soda. Overall good lunch spot and handy location.
A yummy Mexican Sunnyslope dive.  The oatmeal horchata is tasty!  THE torta is really an experience!
There's no better way to find out about a new eatery than to receive a gift card to one you've never been to (or heard of; for that matter). This happened to me when I received a gift card to Paradise Bakery. Being new to Phoenix; of course I Yelp'd it to find one nearby. I located this on on the SWC of Bell Rd and 7th Street while up at Sam's Club. Paradise Bakery has sandwiches; salads; soups; sides; and of course -- the bakery items! At this location; you can eat in or take out. I like the Turkey Bacon Bravo or the Turkey Cranberry with a side of their excellent mac 'n' cheese and a drink. Getting this combo also scores you a free cookie! This location is in the shopping area with a huge Target and many other stores; so the parking is hit or miss; depending on the time of day/week. And PB's prices are just a bit steep for what they serve...good food; but still a bit pricey.
This was definitely the best meal of this year's holiday trip....The Kale Caesar! is a very creative interpretation of the timeless classic.  We loved the melted Scamorza cheese.  I had the Applewood Smoked Duck for my entree; accompanied by a glass of the Siduri pinot from Willamette.  The wine was perfect with the cherry sauce; besides the fact that pinot is a classic pairing with duck.  A glass of Siduri for $12 is a great deal; too.  I loved the way the duck was prepared; too; and it did not weigh me down afterwards like duck often can; either.My wife had the buttermilk roasted chicken along with a glass of their creative (and delicious) interpretation of sangria.  Roasted Brussels sprouts and sweet corn are part of the presentation.  Dessert was the decadent Dream Pudding Jar.  We always get excited about an original dessert dish; and this one did not disappoint.Service was top notch all the way; also.
The best Gelato ever...EVER!!!  Yeah I said it.  What?  Seriously; the best customer service I've experienced since the '70s.  By the time I ordered I was nearly full because they encourage customers to try everything - easily 20 different favors to sample and choose from.  My favorites are the dark chocolate; salted caramel; peach champagne; and black cherry.  We've visited multiple times and have never been disappointed - same quality service and deliciousness every time.  My kids referred them to a friend and he owner gave my kids free gelato on their next visit - they appreciate their customers.  If your looking for your next vice; check this place out!
Still a great place to eat. A little further from Los Tacos in AJ (home for me) since Los Tacos closed; i frequent here more often..It is good.. I want to add that their green corn tamales are GREAT!  their Green sauce seems to be a popular choice here on YELP's reviews. I like it a lot too!I plan to order more tamales for the holidays! hurrah!
Ahi tacos; rib tacos and ribs are all good but a little overpriced. Service staff is always top-notch. Both the beer and wine lists are good; mixed and specialty drinks are nicely done.
The service is absolutely terrible.  I called early in the morning and scheduled an appointment. Betsy said he would be there between 1-5 pm. I called at 4:30 pm to see if he was on his way and she said she would check and call me right back. After 20 minutes I called again and Betsy advised me that the plumber was in Chandler and the other one in Gilbert and they were all too far away from Scottsdale; so it probably won't happen.  Absolutely the worst service ever!! I called another plumber and he was able to make it in an hour the same day and cleared the line; so we could finally flush the toilet. If you need a plumber; don't bother calling Sun Devil Plumbing.
Love Blanco!We went during happy hour and sampled many items. Blood orange margaritas; hibiscus margaritas; guac; nachos; requires- all were excellent...and half price!! We had a cute little waitress Chloe who was sweet and very attentive.Saw no pretentious; snotty people as mentioned in previous reviews; just happy customers and employees. Thanks Blanco!
I took the White Knight (my Rav4) here on a Wednesday and got the $8.99 wash and interior vacuum. My only complaint is that they neglected to clean the bottom edge (under the doors) all around. I got home and had to wipe off the tar myself. Everything else went smoothly...fast service; little waiting; car (most of it) clean and shiney.Thursday night it rained and the White Knight was a mess again. I brought him back in and they rewashed and vacuumed at no charge because they have a 48 hour rain/rewash policy. I love that!I'll be back.
This is what locally owned business is all about - in this case; an inspired husband-wife team.You never know what cold micro brews will be available sourced across the globe - from day to day and from hour to hour. A keg finishes; they hook up a new keg and change the chalkboard listing. Always a surprise - a delightful; delicious surprise.And the pub grub - best I've ever had anywhere. Full of surprises from a chef bursting with ideas. Fried egg to top off a flatbread pizza; pecan pie pop tarts; wild game sausage with condiments made in house daily ... perfect complements to the delicious offerings on tap.Downtown might need to be a place to live - people might not want to drive home after sampling the riches on the streets down here!
My van's stock DVD player busted & I was not about to drive around with kids in the back and no videos.  This would surely lead to road rage some day.My next problem... I'm in grad school and I don't have time to give up my van too long and I certainly don't have time to make return visits to fix any bugs.  However; anytime you buy after-market car audio/video there is a risk that it may not work perfectly because these are often custom installs.  These are NOT do-it-yourself projects.The DVD unit we installed worked well but it lacked a feature that we assumed it offered.  I did not have time to return immediately to replace it.  I spoke with Dave and we agreed to do some research to find the right product for my needs.  Because I was busy with school & life I didn't follow up for about 2 months.  Once I got a chance to return to the shop I was worried that they would try to blow me off because of the time that had passed.  Surprisingly; they didn't even hesitate to makes things right.In my younger days I dealt with many car stereo places and they often turned out to be very shady.  This place is legit.  They never jerked me around.  That might be why they have been in business for so long.
I cannot explain how much I love D'Lish! I tell everyone about this place.  One day I just so happened to get my oil changed at a shop down the street. Starving for some breakfast goodies; I walked down the street and coincidentally ran into D'Lish. I ordered the California Club with a iced French Vanilla Latte. At first I was a little reluctant to try the California Club because anytime I have ever had anything healthy it turned out to be a let down. Thankfully when I ate the California Club I was  delightfully surprised. Ever since then I have continually come back to D'Lish. They have a drive thru as well which is extremely convenient for someone always on the run; like me!
Best Mexican food in the valley; hands down. Excellent happy hour in the cantina after 3. I was back about a week ago and noticed that Valle Luna has undergone a slight facelift on the restaurant side. It seems like maybe some of the menu pricing has gone up to compensate for the new decor; but not sure about that. Either way; still great food and worth the price!
Awesome food. Highly recommend. Had gyros platter . Generous portions and excellent meat.  Check out their spices and other food stuff. Got couscous very cheap.
Last night on my way home from work I figured I would pick up some dinner for me and my wife who is taking care of our newborn all day and has little time to cook for us. I ordered chicken limone the menu says serves two to three and we don't eat a lot so I figured it would fill us up. The price was 18.99 but I figured in a family style Italian place and we should have plenty of food. I was handed my bag and I was sure it was the wrong order because it was so light so I checked it in the car and was shocked. I see three small pieces of chicken in a big container with a small piece of bread and that's it! So I figured they just forgot the pasta and went back in and asked the hostess and she said yes it comes with it then said no after thinking about it. So how can they justify that price? It was so small there was no way it would feed 2 people so I had to cook pasta at home and then reheat our chicken in the microwave.I worked in the service industry for years and this place is a joke! FYI just because there's people with money who live near your restaurant doesn't mean you can tailor your food prices to their income level without delivering value.........if you sell crap in the worst neighborhood that same crap should be priced the same in a affluent neighborhood....same crap different place.No value means lost customers ....
I LOVE LOVE LOVE Paws Salon. I used to take my dog to Canine Preferred but the ladies at the front dest were flakey; so I thought I'd try a new place and I am SO glad I did. The owner Tracy clearly has a passion for animals. Walking in you are greeted by a cat; dog; and Macaw that call the front of the shop home. You are able to see them grooming the dogs (a big plus for me; you never know what some places do behind closed doors). She is very professional and seems like a no bullshit kind of lady (in a good way). She's to the point; tries to listen to exactly what you want and offers options and suggestions to help. They keep track of the previous cut that was given (it's annoying some places you to have to tell them every time). I would highly recommend this pet salon. They also offer daycare; and overnight boarding. I can't want to try the daycare to socialize my pup some more! Can't go wrong at this salon..
I love this gym! Everyone is so helpful and friendly. The gym has a TON of equipment and is always very well kept and clean. I wouldn't want to go anywhere else. I feel very well connected to all of the staff - they even know me by name! The trainers are extremely helpful also. I would recommend this gym to anyone and everyone!
Expect to pay $10-12 for a decent burger and fries in a tacky; blue-themed interior in cafeteria-style tables and seats.The happy hours isn't bad; as it boasts some reasonable and fun appetizers along with $2.50 IPA drafts; among other options.The service was decent; but not great; and the ambiance as a whole didn't seem to be worth the prices on the dinner menu.  At least; I can think of several better options.
Fast; friendly; and clean.  You don't get to say that too often when describing a post office!  Serously though; these guys are great.
I wanted to add a review to the actual company's website; but I could not figure it out. I'm curious where all the testimonials came from. I have mixed feelings on my experience. In the end; I think I ended up with some beautiful windows; though. My salesperson was very engaging. I felt pretty confident in my decision to go with American Vision Windows after that first experience. There was some miscommunication on scheduling the measurement; but it worked itself out fairly quickly. I started to lose confidence when I was told a specific date that my windows would be in; but never heard anything from the company four days after that date. When I called them to find out where my windows were; I was told they had just received them and they could schedule my install in 2 weeks. Since I only had Saturday install available; that was understandable. The Friday before my install; they called to reschedule to the following weekend because the rainstorm (that just occurred that day) had put them behind two days. Again; I guess that was fairly understandable; but I felt like the peon that was the easiest to push off. Luckily the installers did show up the following Saturday on the earlier side of the provided time frame. I kind of don't know what to say about the install. There were two guys; one seemed to know what he was doing; the other I had less confidence in. The job took 4 hours to install 6 windows. During the entire transaction I was never told how long the install would take; so I'm not sure if that was normal or not. The two guys actually seemed to be fighting during the entire install. I believe the head guy was joking around with the other by basically telling him he sucked. I think the other guy was genuinely getting angrier and angrier. In all honesty; I was very uncomfortable being in my own house while the install was going on. I was a bit disappointed in the cleanup of the job. I ended up having to cleanup inside the window tracks and windowsills on the inside and brush off the sills on the outside. I don't feel I should have had to do that. Before they left; I was handed a survey to review the entire process (salesperson; overall experience; install). I think that is a horrible practice that needs to be changed. I didn't want to sit there writing out a review on all of the above while the installer is waiting for me; and then hand it right back to him. What it did cause me to do is overstate my review because I'm not going to give the installers 2 stars and hand the paper back to the person I just reviewed. I can't say I would recommend this company; but I feel the way customer service has been going; it's really a tossup on what you will get from any company.P.S. I forgot to mention my plants. I have recently spent a lot of my own time and money on landscaping my backyard so this stuck out to me big time. I understand when installing windows it's difficult to pay attention to the foliage below your feet; but I think some attempt to not trample all over the plants would be very much appreciated. For example; when washing the windows; I think an effort can be made not to stand directly on top of a plant and twist your foot back and forth. I'm still hoping I do not loose a couple of plants due to the trauma they endured.
I am a vegetarian and there is a ton of great stuff at Pita Jungle. I just had the hummus trio; babaganoush; dolmas; mozzarella; and feta for appetizers tonight. Fantastic happy hour on the apps and delicious. Took BLACK BEAN BURGER to go. SOOOO good! Also; servers are super nice and prompt. YAY!
i've never been suit or tux shopping. but i rented a tux here for a NYE 2012 event and i was unaware of all the add-ons. it's extra price for nearly everything you opt for on a tux...overall i paid about 150 for what i considered to be a basic tux. unfortunately; our event was cancelled on the day i picked the tux up. Mens Wearhouse policy is for half-refund which is better than nothing. i was impressed; but i have nothing else to compare it to. i was surprised though and how damn good looking i looked when i tried the thing on! no wonder men wear suits!
Flo's is a role model for other restaurants and this one is sure no exception. The service and the food  are consistently excellent. You can tell that the staff has been extensively trained in customer service so you leave as a happy customer. My favourite item on the menu is the shrimp pad thai.   I also like the fact that they have lunch and dinner portions.Some other reviews mention that this location will close within twelve months.  I strongly doubt it!
For the past year and a half; I've had Whitey's service my car whenever something wasn't under the Infiniti warrantee.  And I'm nearly giddy that my warrantee is up; so that I can have only JP's eyes and hands on my precious car.Whitey's has fit me in whether I was calling the day before or two weeks prior.  This isn't for a lack of business (actually; the place nearly always seems super busy); but because they genuinely want to make their customers happy.I trust that I'm getting honest opinions; thorough work; and a fair price.  Each time; JP explains what work he did; what work will need to be performed in the near/distant future; and the pricing for it all so that I can be prepared for what I'll spend (and avoid finance-induced heart complications).Certainly I could go into greater detail about my various experiences at Whitey's; but there's no point when they've all be stellar.  Bottom line?  They're awesome in all the ways that matter; and even some that don't.
If you are a Yelper; chances are better than good that you appreciate cool kitchen stuff. Williams-Sonoma is the Disneyland of cool kitchen stuff; and the weekend before Xmas I went out in search of gifts like any good procrastinating guy. The store was bustling and busy; but the staff were great and very helpful. They had samples of this amazing hot chocolate that puts Starbucks to shame. My brother and I were arguing about what a weird little tool did; and we found an employee named Claudia; who was friendly; funny; and helpful. She explained what it was for; which sucked; because it meant my little brother was correct; which pains me to no end. Claudia had some great tips on cooking gadgets; and really made the shopping experience fun. Well done WS!
My girlfriend and I were sprinting from one side of the Airport to the other in order to make our connecting flight after US Airways did everything in their power to almost make us miss it when one of those golf carts pulled up next to us and asked us if we needed a ride. The driver cracked jokes; told us he accepted gratuities and drove us to our gate. We would have tipped him but all we had were $20 dollar bills and the service wasn't $20 worthy. The airport itself was nice; it is clean and a complete contrast to LAX in every aspect. I do hope that I never find myself at this Airport again because after my experience with US Airways I will never be taking another connecting flight in my lifetime and I have no reason to be in Phoenix so chances are this airport will remain a memory. The guys who checked our Passports; customs and the TSA moved quickly unlike LAX.
The guy who mentioned that the Italian Grotto was better was demented.  Francos is well priced; very good food; not the junky regulr Italian food but refined Italian food like you get in Italy.  Prices VERY WELL PRICED; small intimate.  The owner has such passion; he is allover the restaurant helping and greeting people.  Where can you get a 3 course meal for two with a decent bottle of Italian wine for less that a $100. Go its worth it.Italian Grotto makes me laugh
We went to the Shimogamo for the first time on Friday night.  A dour man who appeared to be the manager approached us and said We have no more space.  Not a greeting; not offer of a wait time; not anything but no more space.We left without having an food because we were definitely not welcome; more of an inconvenience the manager.
Better than the Zoolights for several different reasons - one; you don't have people in the parking lot trying to sell you crap for the kids; two; you have different artists performing live at different pavilions all over the museum; three; the food at the buffet dinner is way better than anything at Zoolights; four; you get to wander dark paths lighted only by luminarias through the different habitation zones of the desert and look at all the cool plants; smell the smells and just generally enjoy the night.  There are NA storytellers; carolers; jazz musicians; a steel band; mariachi's; and who knows what else.  Explore the dark paths for yourself and find out what awaits.There are a couple of vendors offering wine; it would be nice to see a microbrew or two as well :-)  Volunteers at every corner to help you in case you get lost trying to follow the lighted paths and it's just a darn cool place to be.  We went for the buffet; having a nice dinner; then strolling along the paths - it was a perfect December evening.
This place closed down a few weeks ago. Their website was down and their phone number was busy. I drove by and the place is closed and a chainlink fence is up around the building. It was a good place and close to my house. Now we go to Golden Canyon on Southern and Dobson for chinese food.
They advertise authentic Indian fast food and have a very simple menu. I ordered the chicken curry; mild; which had a lot of flavor and even a little bit.  I ordered the combo to go which comes with rice and 1/2 naan but they forgot to include the naan in my order.  The dish was mostly rice with very little gravy but did have some large chicken pieces in it.  For $7.12 with tax I didn't feel it as that great of a value; even if I had received the naan.  The place just opened and you can tell they are still working out the kinks.  Maybe I'll try it again in a few months to see if things have improved but until then I'll stick to what I know.
I am really loving the Mission after a recent visit.  The margaritas are fantastic and the skinny one is strong and delicious.  Last visit; I had the duck empanadas which were delicious. Every time the atmosphere is really fun.  I will say inside can sometimes be a little loud so if you are having super serious conversation you might sit outside on one of the patios.
Ummmm bacon fried rice? Need I say more?
I've come here for breakfast after a few late nights. For days after my visit; I often find myself dreaming about the chocolate chip pancakes. Fantasizing. VISIONS.In all reality; the breakfast here is pretty damn good. I order the chocolate chip pancake stack with a side of scrambled eggs and sausage links. This order brings me into a state of euphoria that often lasts for an hour after the meal.If you wanna get your breakfast euphoria on; visit this place; but don't take any of my chocolate chip pancakes....o_o.
Found a great rate on Golf Now - called in and spoke with Brad. He was extremely friendly; courteous; and gave great advice on what course to play. Hole 15 on the Links Course has incredible views and I recommend this course to anyone looking for a great value. One of the oldest courses in Phoenix too!
BEWARE!!!! DO NOT TRUST THESE PEOPLE!!!  The Pain Center of Arizona personnel are dishonest and deceptive.  They have caused me more harm than good.  I thought they were supposed to help people; but they have caused me irreparable harm and an extra $333.30 for no reason.  Instead of the commonly known First; do no harm...;  the Pain Center of Arizona's motto must be - First; cause irreparable harm; then rip off the patient.  I will never return to these lying; uncaring harmful people.  Repeating the warning; I cannot stress this enough - DO NOT TRUST THESE PEOPLE!!!  BEWARE!!!
Great!
I bought this as a special to try them out.  Had a very hard time getting through to anyone to begin with; when I finally did - had an appointment that they did not show up for.  Have not been able to reach them since November.  Interested to see that others had such great luck - this company is terrible!
this is a great place for Sushi and food! Its always fresh and the food is also very tasty! The rolls taste fresh and the pieces are well portioned! they have a great happy hour! Good prices and selection also great drinks.  :) The cook will also come out and greet you. He'll make sure you are satisfied. I also had Ro as my waitress and she is just AWESOME!! I highly recommend this place! Overall VERY SATISFIED!!
This place evidently has been closed since the 17th of November for good.Would have been nice if they had updated their website. We went last night; and the windows are papered over and there's a note in the menu window telling you they are done for good.Weak sauce!
Have been coming here for over 10 yrs and sorry to say will not be going back. Restaurant is clean; sometimes with friendly service; sometimes with poor attitudes and bad service.  I have been dealing with that for 10 yrs and am ok with it. What I can't deal with is the thick crunchy crust I have been getting lately. I keep giving them another chance but the crust has only gotten crunchier and thicker. There is NOTHING NY about this pizza any more. Many of these reviews praise their thin crust?  I cannot agree with that in any way; shape or form. Their menu is not bad and I have no complaints there but am terribly disappointed in how their pizza has progressively gotten c over the last year or two; to the point I will not go back after 10 yrs.  This is sad.
It was a cold and rainy night.....The entrance to La Canasta was open.  I desperately wanted to sit in the patio area; but the rain was beating down around the canvas sides; and not conducive to patio dining.  Instead of trying the large; roomy dining area-  we chose to sit at the bar and watch Home Shopping Network as we munched homemade chips and salsa.  The frozen margarita machine was out of order; but as long as I had my Silver Patron in a margarita on the rocks I was happy.My guy ordered the beef fajitas which were perfectly executed.  I did the big; sloppy double enchilada platter swimming in rice; beans; guacamole and sour cream.  Just the way I like them!Overall; I found this to be a friendly; authentic Mexican experience.  Aside from almost calling HSN to order the tanzanite pendant; that is!
Very surprising location for a coffee shop this Phillipino cafe brings a large unusual array of flavoured coffees hot and cold.  They have a great selection (untried by me) of ethnic food. Great staff some are very skilled and take pleasure in creating the drinks.  I recommend the peanut butter iced coffee or the hot banana nut latte!
Good place to find dance stuff. There was an issue with my wife's shoes but they worked with her to make the situation right in the end.
I was a little disappointed to find that there is no stand alone Chanel store in AZ so I had no choice but to go to Neiman to find my next Chanel bag.  I must say; they have an excellent staff here.  The bag I wanted to see was not in stock so they had it brought over from a store in TX so that I could check it out.  The sales associate texted me to let me know the status (when it was shipped; ETA; and when it arrived).  When I went back down to see the bag I wasn't impressed - they didn't skip a beat or act like it was the end of the world that I didn't want the bag after they had gone through the trouble of bringing it over.  I found another bag that I loved but they didn't have the color I wanted in stock so they ordered it for me and shipped it to the house (Fed Ex - no charge).This boutique is bigger than others I've been in which was a nice surprise.  I won't hesitate to come back for my next bag; I guess I didn't need the stand alone Chanel store after all!
Based on my recent experience: Warning..... Do not do not do kitchen granite counter tops through Home Depot. They did incorrect measurements; wrong cuts; & installed defective cracked granite. They do not stand behind their product or installations as they claim. They were unethical & deceptive to me. I am in shock over the poor customer service levels. I will never do business with them on any level ever again.  Very disappointed as one would think Home Depot would be a go to place.
My husband and I had the pleasure of experience the 7 course tasting menu a couple of weeks ago. We'd already dined there before having one of their very creative pizzas and the must try chocolate soup with puff pastry.The tasting menu included everything from a fruit and cheese plate and 2 desserts to steak medallions with potatoes; deconstructed Greek salad and; my personal favorite of the evening; roasted brussel sprouts with wonderfully crisped salami.Enhancing the experience all the more was the knowledgeable; enthusiastic staff.My only suggestion would have been to serve the 1st wine pairing before the course was served as we like to have our drinks served immediately upon being seated.Truly a hidden treasure in downtown Phoenix - we will be back!
This is not my kind of place. That said the food was very good; the service excellent and the atmosphere lively. It's an institution in PHX and a place u must try.
We magically landed at this sushi place about two weeks ago; so happy we did!! We loved the location ( Corner of Shea Blvd and Scottsdale) and the amazing Blue lighted fish tanks!! Great entertainment while eating!! We came in close to closing time and they still treated us like royalty!! Much appreciated!! We then decided for the Eel Roll as well as their Cali roll; Teriyaki Bento Box and some Chicken Yakisoba noodles!! It was all delicious; especially the eel roll and chicken yakisoba!!! Yum :) We honestly had an amazing time and satisfying conquer from this place. The reason for the four stars is their early closing time!! Oh well :)
Good food. My wife and I always enjoy coming here for dinner. I recommend India Garden.
If you have low expectations; you will enjoy this hotel. Friendly; helpful staff. Rooms are outdated and dark. When I made reservations; was told that wifi was free - not the case - 9.95/day. Generally enjoy staying at Hyatt Regency hotels but would not stay again.
I was here recently with a few of my friends. Beware: It can be difficult to find this place; as it's a bit hidden away from the main street. Fortunately; one of my friends knew exactly where he was going.This place is a tiny store with no indoor seating. You go in; there's a menu and a glass case full of their (changed daily!) food selection; and you order and pay right there. Water is in a dispenser in the front; and they have glasses for you to serve yourself. At the end of your meal; you just quickly bus your own plates.In terms of service; the ladies working here are great! They're friendly; helpful; conversational; and very generous with the samples. Any questions; feel free to ask them and be enlightened!For food; most of my friends got wraps (custom and the wrap of the day); whereas I had just eaten; so I settled for a small hummus plate with pita bread. Despite being a small; I still got what I thought was a big serving for a very good price (around $5). Extremely good; and I liked their selection of hummus!In general; if you're in the Tempe area and are craving some healthy vegan food; make the effort to find Desert Roots. I definitely want to make a return trip already.
Second time here and it held up both times! Service: A contemporary five star; instead of an old school five star like capital grill. A little more relaxed and less formal but absolutely spot on. I've given two five star service ratings recently and i'm truly not easy on servers.  Food: a solid four that could be a five with just a tiny tweeking. We had the scallops and mussels as appetizers and they were perfection. Not fishy at all per an earlier review. The fry bread that comes with the mussells was to die for. There were six of us but all the entree's were venison; tenderloin and one person had the boar. My entree was very good; the steak was five star the accompaniments were to salty. Which seems to be a theme in below reviews and the reason for the four star food review. My friend who had the boar said it was to salty as well. You'd think that the chef would be reading these reviews and find other seasonings or lighten up on the salt. The other reason for the four star food was that the desserts; the black and white and the banana cream pie; were very average. Wine list: again; I'm not an oenophile... but they certainly have a large wine list. It has some of my favorites; and I found two new wonderful wines. Decor: contemporary; hip; beautiful. Maybe a little loud; but not to loud. Note: the appetizers are really narrow. They are all meat/fish based. They needed some appetizers that were vegetable based; or polenta based.. just something different than fish or meat. Overall a great experience.
The mimosa bar on Sundays is tasty and inexpensive. I haven't had the food; but this appears to be a classic sports bar.
Bordering on 3.5.  It's all you can eat sushi and seafood for $16.The sushi was bland and dry.  The crab legs and cocktail shrimp were the best things here. They also have fried crab; fried shrimp; scallop on the shell; cooked salmon/white fish; bbq pork; short ribs; roasted duck; sausage; Korean bbq ribs; teriyaki chicken and grilled octopus.For dessert; they had 6 different flavors of ice cream; chocolate cake; strawberry cake; flan; angel cake and cookies -- all mediocre. This place is fine for the price and selection; but I doubt you're coming here for quality.  Next time; spandex pants.
Loved the beds; the cleanliness; the modern feel; but request the rooms not near the loud shed which controls the pool settings.  Although; the breakfast was great with real scrambled eggs and excellent potatoes with salsa and the cranberry muffins moist - just a great place with a great breakfast for an amazing price!  Would stay here again; in fact any DTSuites; I'm a fan!
The food was great! They have a pretty unique way of ordering by having you pick each food item in your combo by checking boxes. I had the Pollo Diablo; Emerald Chicken; and the Jerk Chicken. All were amazing! I gave this place one less star because the portions were less than generous and the place is pretty divey.
I ordered a vegetarian and gluten-free soup from this location and got home and had a chicken chili that was not gluten-free.Not only is this horrible customer service and attention to detail; but it is dangerous to customers that have a gluten allergy. I will NOT be coming back.
Authentic Filipino food!  Very flavorful and they have some of the best suman and flan I have ever had in my life!!
Beautiful set up.  Small condo type rooms with a small stove and clothes washer / dryer.  If I was in town for a few days this place would be perfect.  Rooms are nice and new.  The lady who checked me in was very nice and helpful (Emily).  Only bummer was that I could hear the guy in the room next to me on the phone.
Setting is beautiful!  Food has been great before; but this time around it was fair.  I hold expensive places to a higher standard.  I wasn't that excited to come back this last time around.
I am completely floored by how amazing Paul's service is. I have never met anyone so giving of his time; his knowledge and his kindness.  He showed us how to take care of our water filtration system all by ourselves; spending more than 30 minutes explaining how to fix the problem we were having; how to troubleshoot another problem we may have in the future and what to do for regular maintenance of our system.  He didn't recommend we replace ANYTHING to fix our system; and he didn't charge us anything?  It was crazy.  He said he didn't have to repair anything; so he wasn't going to charge us.  I am never going to call another company.
We have been many times and we love Martha!  My son's hair looks perfect every time.  Martha was on vacation once and we had someone else cut his hair there.  It was horrible.  He ooked like Llyod from dumb and dumber! If you go.  Ask for Martha.  I would have given it 5 stars if not for the bad haircut.
Some really good coffee.. sometimes the baristas can be a little off putting but they mean well; its just the vibe there.. everyones tryin really hard to be all cool; hip and shit.. but regardless; the coffees good; most the people are pretty rad and the foods decent. Cant really go wrong with this spot; probably one of the best coffee houses in downtown Phoenix; if not the best.
First time i am giving a Fox Restaurant such a low rating.Really was not at all impressed by the dishes. My food was in the luke warm family when i got it. I really don't mind luke warm food. It's nice cause i can just start eating with out worrying about scalding my face. (wish it was a little bit warmer though). I got the veal raviolis and shrimp ontop (as recommend by the server).Shrimp was overcooked... :\; ravioli was just okay... I wasn't really blown away by it. Veal tasted dry inside...is that possible with ravioli? I tried the rest of my parties dishes and i wasn't blown away. Maybe my expectations have become too high of the fox restaurants.I will chalk it up to a bad night at the restaurant. I'd give them a second try because all the other fox restaurants i have been to; i've enjoyed. But out of this experience it was a 3.  :\
My wife and I went to this restaurant just a few days ago.  We were very pleased at the service; the food; and the price.  I have really been surprised at some of the reviews for this restaurant on Yelp; as our experience seems to have been better than some others have had.  I got cheese enchiladas; which came with rice and beans; and it was delicious!  The chips were fresh and the salsa was not bad.  The menu is packed full of New Mexico style mexican food; so you should expect that.  I am new to Arizona; and this will be a place I definitely want to go back to.  I have no idea why there are so many bad reviews on here; but we were more than satisfied with the food; and the staff was very nice and prompt.  We give it four stars and recommend you give it a try.  (And stay away from El Palacio; in Chandler; as we ate there tonight and it was horrible.  I have another review for that place).
Ok...so after a few minutes of trying to find this place; we stepped into heaven.  There is no lighted sign or really any lights outside to tell you where it is; but we found it.We walked in to a very busy place.  The bff and I stood there trying to figure out what we wanted and couldn't decide.  We thought we had figured it all out when we decided one of us would get the pulled pork sandwich and the other would get the brisket...only to find out they were all out of pork!  Must be good and that just means we will have to make the journey out there again!We each got the brisket and WOW! It was tender and very flavorful.  They have several sauces to choose from.  I went with the mustard bbq and the Crazy (something or other...I can't remember the name).  The mustard bbq sauce was perfect for the brisket.  Just the right amount of tang and spice.  For my two sides I chose the mac n cheese and waffle fries...starch much?  The fries were good and the mac n cheese was really tasty...nothing froo froo or fancy about it.  Just straight up mac n cheese!The menu isn't huge; but the smell is intoxicating enough to lead you to confusion that will mess with you and your decision making abilities!  I didn't mean to be a nosey-rosey but I did look at other patrons' plates and everything in the place looks delicious...the ribs; the chicken...I can't wait to go back and try some more!Thanks to Yelp; I got a free drink!  Oh and as for the name...when I was finished with my meal; you could have put a fork in me and I would have been pork on a fork!  I don't regret it and don't judge me...it's the holidays! Screw the diets!
I waited for the store to open at 8 AM the day after Christmas..... but they had the same discount they had before Christmas; so shop other stores....A crowd of people were milling around the front of the store; speaking to the manager; asking why they did not make down the Christmas merchandise; as they were told it was going to be marked down by store employees before Christmas. Quite a few people were told the same thing.... yet the manager did not handle this very well; and quite a few people walked out....... shame on you Garden Ridge !
One of my friends took my to YC's years ago during my time at ASU. I was skeptical and scared to try something new. Since then this has remained one of my favorite places to eat.The place looks very confusing to new comers; so it's always good to go with a YC's veteran to show you the ropes. :) Take as much meat as you want; as much veggies; noodles and then it's up to you to make your own mixture of saucy goodness before handing it over to the good people that man the frying station. They have a plethora of great ingredients to make a delicious sauce for your stir fry. Ginger; Orange; Garlic; Sweet and Sour; and lots others. Above the cooking stations are steps to make different styles of sauce; but I always like going with my instincts and making my own. It's just more fun. They also have soup; chinese noodles and white; brown rice to go with your meal and a drink comes with the cost. Love that. I always leave full and usually have lots leftover to bring home. Its fun to get creative with your food here; watch it being cooked; and loving how it tastes. All for a great price. I can't say enough great things about YCs.
fresh chicken and the dipping sauce is awesome. sounds funny but they have the best ice for drinks
'Tis the season and I'm trying to shop local as much as possible...It's challenging; however; to shop local particularly when on the hunt to furnish a nursery; and especially when you can find big box stores that carry anything and everything you could ever imagine at pretty low prices.We're planning for the arrival of baby #2 in March; so I've recently been doing a ton of research on nursery necessities.  It hit me over the last few weeks that I needed to get my act together and order a crib and dresser.  The problem was; I had my mind set on ordering something grey; and since the gender of the baby is going to be a surprise; it had to be universal - not too masculine or too feminine.I did find a couple of local stores that carried nice lines; and of course there were also some options at big box stores like Buy Buy Baby and Restoration Hardware.  However; when an out-of-state friend of mine suggested I look into a particular crib she'd found; I did some more research; and that led me to Crismon's Baby Boutique.  It turns out that Crismon's not only carries all kinds of children's clothing and accessories and specializes in Christening outfits; but they also offer competitively priced furniture and gifts!  I was very happy to learn that they work with Franklin & Ben; a really unique nursery collection that I initially found online and through my friend in Chicago.  When I called to inquire and learn more; I spoke to Lisa; and she was extremely helpful.  My husband and I went in and met Lisa in person and several days later; we decided to place an order.So at the moment; we're playing the waiting game; but I can't wait to furnish the nursery with an awesome convertible crib and double wide dresser in a gorgeous weathered grey color from Crismon's.Crismon's is a family-owned business serving the Phoenix area since 1979.  Check their hours before you head over to visit; as I believe they are only open Wednesday - Saturday.  I'll update this review once I receive our purchase; but so far; I've been extremely pleased with the service I've received.  Fingers crossed for a five star update (and a five star baby too!)
What can I say....I LOVE the clothes/shoe/etc. selection and pricing at Ross!
This is the best airbrush tanning studio in Arizona!  Donna is awesome; and the prices are very reasonable; especially the all-you-can tan package for $50.00!  The staff is very friendly and accommodating.   I love being able to book appointments online using Vagaro; as my work schedule changes constantly with meetings; etc; so I can adjust my appointments as necessary. Without them; I would be very sad and pale.
All UPS stores aren't created equally (they may have the same look 'n' feel; but they're individually owned). I've stopped in here a couple of times -- on one occasion the employee didn't seem to know how to work the copy machine; and on another occasion I discovered that this location doesn't do passport photos. On all occasions; this particular store has had an unkempt; cluttered appearance which seems unprofessional. The last time I was in here (which will be the last) I noticed the mailbox fees on the wall. Why someone would rent a mailbox at a UPS store instead of the much less expensive post office-option is beyond me. I also never got the impression of I'm happy to see you; customer! How can I help you??My advice is to avoid this store. If you need UPS services; visit the UPS store on the SEC of Camelback & 32nd St.
Amazing; super fresh; beautifully prepared sushi at a very affordable price.  I have been looking for sushi this good since I moved from Minnesota to Arizona. While there are many good sushi restaurants in Arizona; it seems a lot of them are more show than substance - by that I mean the fish is okay; but not of the highest quality. Kiku Sushi's uses fish of the highest quality and it shows in every serving. Nirvana!Also; for those of you who are cautious to try raw fish sushi; Kiku Sushi offers a variety of sushi with smoked fish and also 100% vegetarian sushi.  In addition to the sushi itself; you can get fresh fruit; seaweed salad; chocolate lava cake; cheesecake (divine!) and a variety of other non-fish based dishes.I have too many favorites to name; but I know I will always get the seaweed salad and the salmon and tuna nigiris and then try what else looks particularly appealing that night.  The portions are purposely small to encourage trying a variety of dishes; and it also keeps lunch and dinner more affordable for those of us on a budget. I would love this place even if it was housed in an old VFW building for the food alone; but luckily this place has a fun; relaxing; yet upbeat atmosphere; making it a  great place for dates; dinners out with friends; introducing kids to sushi; and large groups of people. Very warm and cheerful. The service is wonderful; too; with knowledgeable servers who can suggest dishes to suit pretty much everyone.  I will be coming by frequently - hope to see you there!
I decided to go to dinner with hubby at Jade Palace (Shea) after only having used their take-out service once.  I wanted their shrimp with lobster sauce since they make it like it is made in NY; with minced pork.  This gives it a very nice flavor.  I am going to resist the temptation to give them one star which is what would happen if it were hubby doing this rating.  I am fairer than he is ; I think.  He says fair is a four letter word and begins with F and therefore has no place in restaurant ratings.  Anyway; we went on a Saturday night and the place was well patronized.  We waited for a table and were seated in a small table for two (that's OK) with NO lighting (not OK).  Every table to our right; (bar was to our left) had spotlights above their tables so they could see what they were eating.  My husband objected and since I didn't have a flashlight with me to provide us with light; we asked to be moved.  People around our table were giggling because they realized how dark our area was and clearly there would be no way to see our food while we ate.  In retrospect; I wondered why they sat us there.  Didn't they realize this or perhaps they just didn't care?  Now... at a new table; lit enough that we could see our food; we ordered.  One egg drop soup for hubby and one wonton soup for me to start.  The egg drop soup had been touted as having a rich broth by Yelper so I expected him to be super happy with his soup.  He said it was OK.  I tasted it and it was OK and needed salt or something to give it flavor.  As is tradition; hubby took some of the crunchy noodles that accompanied the soups.  As he took them in hand; he commented to me how oily his hands had become from touching them.  With that; he said they were too greasy to eat.  I agreed. I flagged down the waiter and ask if he could give us a fresh batch of noodles which would be less oily.  The waiter nodded and return with more noodles.  Just as greasy and basically inedible.  Not a happy camper.  Loves those noodles with his soup; but couldn't have it.  As an appetizer I also had a NY style egg roll.  This meant that the egg roll had all kinds of meats.  It was a good size and average tasting--nothing special.  Hubby's dish was General Tso's chicken.  Hubby described it as nothing special.  My shrimp and lobster sauce was good.  We had both dishes with brown rice.  What hubby objected to was paying premium prices for average or below average tasting food.  I noted that because of Scottsdale rents and having a nice decor and tablecloths; etc the prices are higher.  His attitude is that he doesn't eat decor or tablecloths; he eats food... and you know; he is right. We paid close to $50 for two people without drinks for mediocre Chinese food.  I must take a lesson from hubby;  eat the food; not the decor.   The food DEFINITELY needs improvement so I don't understand what the fascination is with this restaurant. Perhaps the pickings are slim in Scottsdale........
Sushi...fast food style. Basically a step above the sushi at Fry's but good if you want a quick; cheap meal.
We have been twice: first time on opening night couldn't be too judgmental. This time a few weeks later we were back. Beer good though not exactly to my taste. Pizza was great. Service wasn't very good. The place was not busy and I had the rare experience of leaving the table to find an inattentive server to refill drinks. She was very nice. We will go back once more. Food was great and food good. Of course without good service they don't mean much.
Since I found this store I don't go to Jo Ann very often. I just love all the good quality; beautiful fabrics that they carry. I feel like a kid in a candy store everytime I shop here. I wish they have sales more often also I live in Avondale so it's 50 miles round trip; I wish I could use more than 1 coupon a day.
Took a cab in from the airport on a layover and was blown away. Service was impeccable; the lamb sliders were a work of art and the Fez burger; their signature; is as advertised - scrumdiddlyumptuous (is that how you spell it? Who cares I'm running with it).Also; they had a $3 pomegranate vodka cocktail special at lunch that is perfect for functional alcoholics like myself. Don't worry; kids -- I took a cab back.
Another jewel in the Fox crown-read amazing look and feel but outrageous prices for food that's really nothing special.  A few of us went to lunch the other day and one of my buddies orders the prime rib french dip.  The server asks if they would like mushrooms; peppers or onions to which my friend replied yes; please.  They were kind enough to charge $2 EACH for said add-ons so $6 total additional charge.  I mean seriously; I can get ten pounds of onions for two dollars...I ended up splitting a chicken club and a ~1 oz. cheese 'plate' with a friend and we both got iced tea.  $24...to top it off the waiter was kind of a dick.I probably would never patronize a Fox restaurant again if I didn't get hooked up with gift cards on occasion.
Not going back. I made an online web order and appointment with out the door price for $134 including all disposal fees taxes and installation. I sent my 17yo son in to get a tire replaced and upon completing the work they told him it would be $160+. Luckily I had told him how much it was going to be and he told them it was supposed to be $134 and the clerk quickly changed it back. Very shady...My son had a learning experience; trust no one and get a price up front.
Terrific spot in downtown Phoenix!  I love the Panko Chicken; Teriyaki Chicken and the Curry Vegetables first and foremost.  Beyond that; it's all good and healthy portions.  Tankatsu sauce is a favorite right now too.
BLUFGot it to go and glad I did. The chicken was OK but only for the first couple of bites.  The red velvet cake was aweful. BackgroundYelpers let me down on this one.  I ordered the three piece chicken meal expecting to stuff myself contented with fried goodness and slip into a glycosidic stupor from a criminally sized slab of red velvet cake.  Let me say I didn't have to watch the scale worried of well earned weight gain from this meal.  The chicken was an initial hit but was short lived.  I didn't finish it nor did I want to.  The waffle did not travel well either; it was soggy by arrival (10 mins to the hotel - arrgh!)  nor was it flavored in any manor. I would liken it to the generic bread slices used at other joints for sopping up the grease.  The red velvet was a crime.  It too lacked flavor; was heavy beyond understanding and it hurts me to say this - was only deserving of the trash. wa; wa; waaaa.$20+ for soul food that was so bad.
One star not related to food; but business practice. As a warning to others; do not purchase a gift certificate to this restaurant through Restaurant.com; as we ate at the restaurant today; tried to redeem the gift certificate; and was told that they do not honor these gift certificates. However; they wrote down the certificate number and the validation phone number; which gave them all the information they needed to redeem it! As to the food; real mashed potatoes which are difficult to find today. They have broasted  chicken that is moist; crispy and tasty and I would give them 3 1/2 stars for food. This was our first time going and for the food I would probably go there again; but I will never go there again due to the business practice and rudeness. The gift certificate clearly states it is for this restaurant and they should have honored it.
The happy hour @ the bar is a lovely experience! The little menu has great pricing (anywhere from $2-$4 I believe) and the bartenders are always witty enough to mix up a drink of your own concoction. The bruschetta & brio burgers are always pretty satisfying.
I initially went to the Gordon Biersch in Tempe and was not impressed as their beers were flavorless.  However; my wife and I live within walking distance of this Gordon Biersch and a few months ago went there for a snack and a drink.  I can't recall what I had (it was a seasonal); but it actually tasted like a decent beer.  So; my opinion was beginning to change.  until a few weeks ago.My wife and I are from Indianapolis and we wanted to go somewhere to watch the Colts vs. Bills game.  We walked to GB; arriving at 11:30 a.m. (the game started at 11).  There were a total of 6 people in the restaurant taking up 2 separate tables; 1 inside and 1 outside.  None of the 6 people were remotely interested in any of the football games showing on the various tvs.  My wife and I sat at the outside bar and asked the bartender if she could switch a tv to the Colts game as it was not on any of the tvs.  She said someone had called in and requested the game showing on that tv.  (I think it was Cincy).  I asked if they could change a different tv; or put the Cincy game on another tv.  I also remarked that no-one was here; it was 11:30 and my wife and I were there and ready to spend money.  She said she had to ask the Manager.  The bartender returned - yes bartender - not the manager - and said; the manager said we cannot change the channels since someone called in and requested the games.  I laughed and said; well we are here; ready to spend money.  Keep in mind; there were multiple tvs - in the remote chance the Cincy fans arrived and wanted that game on that particulary tv; there were other tvs that were not being watched that could have accomodated us or the Cincy fans.  Again - only 6 people in the entire restaurant with multiple tvs - just none of them showing the Colts.  (and the hapless Cards were not playing until later in the day; at home)  The bartender was very professional; and annoyed at the manager's decision; but said there was nothing she could do.  So we left.  I thought it was poor management that the manager refused to change the channel and also did not have the courage to come tell us.Interesting note; we called BJ's and asked if they had the Colts game on.  They said no; but we will put it on any channel you want.  Guess who we gave our business to?  I think we spent about $50; not counting tip.
If you're jonesin' for NY rye; Old Heidelberg is the only game in town. Bar none. Planned on cooking pork bellies tonight (Asian style) and needed some pork fat. Wouldn't you know it? This bakery sells that too. Looking forward to multiple return trips!
Located at the corner of Via Linda and Mountain View; The Egg I Am is an unassuming gem!My daughter and I went for a late brunch today. The restaurant closes at 2:30; so; by the time we got there at 1:45; we pretty much had free reign of the place. We noticed a sign saying that the patio was open for seating; but surprisingly; it was too cold for us to sit there today; as it was completely shaded when we were seated. Instead; we opted to sit by one of the large windows that overlooked Via Linda.The owner seated us; and gave us each a menu. Now; having a toddler; I'm accustomed to seeing kids menus with crayons to placate the children as they wait for their food. However; The Egg I Am does't use crayons; they use colored pencils. I know that probably doesn't sound very earth shattering; but it was different; and a nice touch. It's nice to see a place try and do things a little differently.The food itself is fantastic! My daughter ordered off of the children's menu; as everything there is just under $5.00. She opted for the kids' cheeseburger with fresh fruit. I had to do a double take when her plate arrived; because the burger was huge! It was easily 1/4lb. Needless to say; my three-year-old could only finish about a quarter of the burger during our visit. It DID make for nice leftovers; though.I; trying to maintain some semblance of a healthy diet; opted for the Vera Cruz Chicken and Avocado Omelette http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/G9r4WJwmrNbt75kF3Fnxtw?select=ggmQxiCJgJM41S3nWZuijA#gXr_sj61JYixeVVAZkn_Vw. This is an egg white omelette with diced chicken; tomatoes; onions and green chiles; topped with cheddar and Monterey Jack cheeses and fresh avocado; served with a side of fresh fruit and a small bowl of salsa. It is nothing short of spectacular; imho http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/G9r4WJwmrNbt75kF3Fnxtw?select=ggmQxiCJgJM41S3nWZuijA#FA7aEbJm-oAuPt2xptQ8ww. It's one of those meals; that no matter how large the portions may be; you'll always wish there was just one more bite!Interesting side note: as we finished up our meals; two ladies sat behind us; and started asking questions about the menu. I happened to overhear that the restaurant makes their soups fresh each and every day.This is a great place to come for breakfast; lunch; or brunch. One note of caution: be mindful of the hours of operation. The Egg I Am is never open past 2:30 in the afternoon http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/G9r4WJwmrNbt75kF3Fnxtw?select=ggmQxiCJgJM41S3nWZuijA#3PIa9nVtZc5NOcTf2dWcZw. So; plan accordingly; and ENJOY!
The Ox Tail on Saturday is AWESOME.  It is my favorite time to go because they only have it on Saturday.  The bread is soooo delicious too.  On other days of the week; a shrimp dish is the way to go.  Great place....unique
First off; the employee who helped me on my first visit was on fire with his explanations of custard and ices and combinations; etc. It made me more informed; but yet slightly more confused. Finally; I decided on the thing where you get ices on bottom of cup and custard in the middle and then another layer of ice and custard on the top. I really liked the ices better than the custard. I had coconut cream ices which were great and since the custard comes out of the machine; it won't be hard-packed; but taste more like soft serve. Still; quite refreshing.
Love it - great location close to work and I had a great gel manicure. Friendly service and great pricing!
You have to love a place that still cares enough to use half a stick of butter when they cook your meal.  Throw in some Bourbon candied sausage and you have a real old fashioned breakfast cafe.
I was not sure what to expect when I found this little place.  But what I found in a restaurant where the food is good; the help is friendly; and it definitely has a personality!  First; the food is good;  I have eaten there twice with a friend and both times our food was cooked to our specifications; was tasty; and was served quickly.  This is no austere setting.  The tables and chairs are all different; there are shelves holding all manner of things ranging from older kitchen ware; cutsie signs and at the register; they sell home made dog treats.The food is well portioned; and the coffee was pretty darn good.    The only reason this is not a 5 is that the entry way is cramped and confusing.  They are doing the check out and greeting area in the same small place.  It does not work well for me.
A great local spot.  I I can't really say anything that hasn't already been said about this place.  It's about as much fun as you can have; to the point I feel like I'm just having a bunch of friends at my house for dinner.  Part of me wishes they would expand the hours or make the place bigger; but I think that would ruin the experience.  Keep up the great work!!
I enjoy the Cityscape area.  Plenty or restaurants and parking.  Parking is free for 2 hours if you get it validated.  And it is only 2 bucks an hour after that.  They also offer some shops and I really enjoyed the Christmas tree lighting and ice skating.  Where else in Arizona are you going to ice skate outside; in front of a Christmas tree; and its 80 degrees outside? The ice ring is right on Central Ave. and you can still go and enjoy it till Jan. 5th.  How cool is that? Pretty cool NRG covers the energy cost to keep the ice frozen so we can do some ice skating and enjoy Christmas in Arizona weather.  I hope Cityscape continues to thrive and the restaurants and shops continue to expand.  So far they have been doing well.I have visited Charming Charlies; Stand Up Live; Lucky Strike; The Strand; and Tilted Kilt.  All great places and all within walking distance.  Go check it out.
Love this place! Amazing wood fired pizza at an affordable price. We've eaten in the restaurant 4-times and have always had great service. We also order out and they wait for you to get there to fire up the pizzas. It's a must try!!
I would've given 5 stars if they carried Duck Commander Duck Calls in store.  What can I say about BPS?  If you're an outdoors person; this is your one shop stop shopping experience.  They have everything you want and could ever need.  Yeah; a little pricey; but it's convenient!!
We are big fans of Paradise Bakery..we eat there at least 2-3 times a week (it's down the street from us..can you blame us)?!Much like Paradise Bakery; there is a soup and salad/sandwich combo offering.You get a whole sandwich; AND a lovely chocolate dipped strawberry (disappointing for my husband-he really loves the cookie thing at Paradise Bakery).I had a pulled pork sandwich (great) and the Yucatan Chicken soup (sooo good) you can even sample the soup! How fun is that?!My only complaint; is that it feels a tad claustrophobic at this location. The tables are all jumbled together and there is this recharge your device thing in the center that is really very wasted space. If the tables were spaced out more; I would definitely give this 4 stars. Someone else mentioned the awkward feel of the ordering area. I'm going to agree on that; though I felt that way with Paradise bakery. It can feel a little chaotic when it's crowded and you're not quite sure what to do.
Thanks again Yelp.  While staying in the area for a few days I tried the Liberty Market; based on the Yelp reviews; and they were right on.  Had a delicious wood fired oven pizza featuring Schreiner's Italian sausage; which I assume to be a local company.  It was fantastic; even the ricotta cheese; which I had been a bit leery of.  The rice pudding I had for dessert was spot-on also.  I also poached a couple of meatballs from someone's pasta plate and they were juicy; delicious and tender.  And I couldn't help but notice the pleasant and helpful staff.  Looking forward to a return trip to the Phoenix area.
Another great trip to Lox Stock!!
I just got my haircut *again* from Gentleman Joe's. After having bad haircuts so many times from other places; I am pleased again; and again with this place! I like Ernesto. He's a pretty serious guy; and loves his religion; but he gives a damn good haircut; and is very  professional about his work and works tremendously hard to please. He has upstanding character; and has a lot of experience. He remembered our conversations from the last haircut. For the first time ever; I gave a photo of what I wanted; and it was delivered *exactly* like the photo! I am highly pleased with my experience here; and will never go anywhere else! (Additionally; I love the complimentary scalp massage). Today I wore my fanciest shoes to get shined. (My first shoe shine by anyone else). It was a wonderful experience! The fellow didn't give his name; but he did a real fine job! My shoes look brand new! From my vantage point; I could see the sidewalk. I saw the fellow that had gone in front of me walk down the street. I admired his shoes; and saw that other people walking also noticed them. Go to Gentleman Joes! Just be prepared to spend about 45 minutes; because it's not a fast place; it's like a Gentleman's spa! They offer complimentary drinks (water; and about 5 varieties of soda) ; free neck shave with every haircut; and a complimentary scalp massage! The haircuts are $18-20 dollars (fade and razor cut whatever that is; is most expensive); shoe shine is $5. Their prices are clearly laid out on the website.GO! Seriously; this is *THE *place to get your manly hair cut!They do shaves as well; I'm getting closer and closer to getting the whole package (haircut; shoes shined; shave; facial). I will report back when I get it. :)Until then; visit my new hair guy; Ernesto. :)
A solid 4 star review on my first visit and I'm eager to come back and check out more items on the menu!We were seated on the patio which is a large; spacious area. It was chilly last night but the patio was warm and inviting. The only draw-back is that it's...dark. Very dark. Had a hard time reading the menu much less seeing what they placed in front of us but the taste of the food was inviting enough for me to come back in the day-light to get the full effect.We had the loaded chips to start. They are FANTASTIC. The housemade chips are perfectly crunchy and not greasy or oily at all. The carmelized onion; bacon; blue cheese; were all terrific. I am not sure if the chipotle crema was on there; I didn't taste it and had it been served in a better lit area; I'd know better if it was on there or not.  What I will say is that the loaded chips are a MUST HAVE appetizer because they were phenomenal. My boy had the crab cake BLT for his main. It was very tasty; served on a roll with perfect fresh veggies. The crab cake was perfectly done...not too moist; not too bready. The french fries that he chose for the side dish were not anything special at all. They were typical shoestring fries that I'm pretty sure were frozen and weren't well seasoned at all. They had salt; but for a place that prides itself with fresh house-made food; I was surprised by the lack of creativity with the fries.I had the soup and salad combo. The soup was a loaded potato soup which was pretty nice. The broth was nice. Nothing special; but had a nice velvety finish which I like. The bacon was yum but I think it might have been missing cheese or something. It just tasted like something was missing. I wish I could say what. I added pepper but that wasn't it. It was salty from the bacon but not overly so. The salad was the chopped salad which was tasty. The hard boiled egg was way way too salty though. The ranch dressing was nice though and the avocado was fresh and firm. Our server was thorough but not terribly engaging. It's always been kind of hit or miss with the trendy servers at Postinos so I didn't expect Windsor to be much different. The decor is fun and I loved the wall of cassette tapes. Awesome conversation piece. Bathrooms are very similar to Postinos But unlike it's cousin; Windsor is not yet a 5-star place. It's got potential but it's not quite there. I'll definitely be back because they had a lot of very intriguing menu choices and those loaded chips are worth the price of admission all on its own. Oh and one other note...like it's cousin; parking at Windsor is also a pain in the ass. Keep this in mind and definitely do the valet. It'll save you a lot of aggravation.
We didn't have a really good experience here; but I don't think it was the fault of the restaurant.  A little misunderstanding with the server on gluten free food; but otherwise food was good; relatively competitive with others.  Atmosphere wasn't really what we liked; but that is a matter of personal opinion.
Ahhhh.... I was once an employee of Peiwei; they've had me hooked on the thai coconut curry with chicken; brown rice; no thai basil and extra snap peas ever since. I could eat this everyday only the sodium content is pretty high and the portion is actually two servings. Mmmmm.... love love love this dish. I also enjoy the crab wontons; chicken lettuce wraps; dandan noodle bowl; orange chicken and pad thai (if its a good day). I tried their siracha dish (not sure of the name) but it was a little disappointing for a siracha fan such as myself. I also used to love their edamame since its served warm but with my knowlege of GMO I force myself to stay away even though it's a fave. I imagine I will always return since I am slightly addicted and cant go too long without my coconut curry fix ;-p
Okay; 4 stars is a little generous; but I've been stopping here once in a while for years now and they've made great improvements by adding a kitchen and a full bar. You can still cook your food yourself on the outdoor grills; but at least now you can order off of the menu like at a regular restaurant. The menu needs improvement and the food is inconsistent and overpriced considering the generally low quality of it. Overall; it's a fun place with great volleyball courts; a pool table; fire pits in the winter; occasional live music; and that beanbag game Cornhole or Cornholio as I like to call it (think Beavis and Butthead). If anything; go there for the bartender Jill on Fridays... dayum!
As compared to Camelback; this trek offers easy parking; and significantly lower chances of snapping your ankles.  One notable perk is the greater chance of falling down the mountain though.  This trek is by far a much friendlier; a more pure stair master as compared to the creative rock climbing at Camelback.  For the family visit; date; Piestewa Peak is a better choice than Camelback.  Expect a decent workout with less peeps and much more accessible for the less fit.
Best Chinese food in surprise and very friendly environment.
Genuinely friendly employees. Fast food that doesn't taste like fast food. What I really like; though; is that the kids meals come with books!  And they even have board books for kiddos under 3! If you have a smaller appetite; you could order the kid's meal for yourself and then give the book to your kid.  Win-win!
great food at great prices
Love love love Madewell. The clothes are quite literally made well. I know when I purchase from them; I am purchasing a garment that will last me for years without ripping; tearing; unraveling; etc. Their v-neck T-shirts are the best; and when they are on sale; very affordable; too. I recently received a 100% silk polka-dot dress from this store that is the nicest dress I have ever owned. Completely luxurious and stylish. I also purchased several pairs of shorts from them over the summer that quickly became my favorite pairs. I also own a chambray Oxford shirt.Next; I want a pair of madewell jeans or a cardigan. Their shoes are also to-die-for.Ever heard the saying that poor people can't afford to buy cheap things? It argues that if you bite the bullet and pay the price for higher quality clothes; you won't need to replace your clothes as often; therefore saving you money. It's how I justify paying the relatively high prices here :)
Make Sure You Are Not A Work In! I scheduled an appointment last Friday with Emily. I was not told I was a WORK IN but apparently I was. I waited an hour for my appointment and then was rushed all the way through. I felt bad for Emily as her next client was waiting so I did not have her blow out/ style my hair. This was a mistake. I went home and found that my sides had been cut way too short and too far back. I went back today for a correction and was completely blindsighted by how I was treated. I found Emily to be abrasive and confrontational. She tried to claim she never cut my sides?  Then I was quickly told I was a Work in as if that made it all OK?  When I explained I did not know I was a Work in and wouldnt have come if I had; Emily rudely stated  I can't control what the front desk does!Everyone in the salon including the owner Sheri heard and did nothing. In fact Sheri took us to to her office  to talk  where Emily continued to speak to me in a very demeaning manner and Sheri continued to do nothing. At one point I asked Sheri if she felt Emily was behaving in a professional manner and she stated She's just frustrated. Shes frustrated? I am the one sporting a quasi mullet and I am behaving the most rationally out of the bunch. Another stylist was to fix my hair but she was just as rude. It was pretty clear by her attitude that she wanted no part of the situation and told me the only fix was to cut the length and blend. Not what I wanted to hear as I am trying to grow it out.  In the end I left with no correction.  The bottom line is Emily was rushed and it shows all over my hair.  And not only did my hair get jacked but I was treated terribly in the process. It was clear to me that Sheri has no control over her stylists and will allow them to disrespect her paying clents. Currently a pic of me and my baby are on the Salon Esprit website. I am so appauled by how I was treated that I have asked for it to come down immediately.
Sigh... this place I swear. It never fails to call my name when I am on this side of town and I just have to answer that call. I am a little confused as to why my original review is MIA? Hmm.. At any rate; this place is the BOMB.com. I mean who doesn't like alcohol infused ice cream that is made fresh daily? Who let's you try two different flavors at a time with the double side spoon? I mean seriously! I have been there more times that my check-ins actually state ( I cannot tell you how many but it is way more than 2!) Lee is fantastic and very patient when it comes to letting people decide which flavor's they want. Why just last night I was there and I had some AMAZING Cherry Pop Irish Whiskey and some Rocky Road!! Sweet baby Jesus I was in ice cream heaven. Until my next fix; I will just cherish my lovely memories.. hmm yummy!
Save your $$ and don't valet - huge self-parking lot to the east!Love this venue - it seems to always be packed; which is a good sign. They had a live band on Friday night which was fun. Seating/tables are scarce - I suggest coming a little early - or make friends w/ppl who already have a table.Drinks are a bit pricy; IMO. I mean $36 for a dbl Gray Goose/Cran and Cosmo?? Plus I threw in $3 for a tip - that's $40!!!! JeezBathrooms are also clean - this is very important to me. They may want to think about getting better signage for restrooms - maybe it's just me; but I felt it was a small treasure hunt finding the place.
Had a fun day! Gun fight show was fun to watch.
Sweettouch is the company to call for your carpet; tile and grout cleaning needs.  I had my tile and grout cleaned a few months ago and it looks amazing.  Juan and Manny did a wonderful job; on time and professional.  Last week I called Michael for carpet cleaning in a rental and he was able to squeeze me into the schedule on very short notice.  I thought the carpet may need to be replaced; but they worked their miracle and it looks almost new.  They go above and beyond and no hidden fees.  A big thank you to Michael and his team.  I will be recommending Sweettouch to all my friends.
Very clean and comfortable rooms with mini-fridge; microwave; and ironFast free wi-fiGood location in downtown PhoenixFriendly staffExtremely inexpensive. I was shocked at how nice everything was compared to the cost.
As a person who has no idea how to do my own hair; I have been forced to go to countless salons every time that I have an event to attend where I need to look presentable.   I end up doing this about once a month - so I have quite a large basis for comparison - and I have never been so pleased as I was with my blowout yesterday.   I got it done at 1 PM and looked good through the entire evening.  Also; Alexis; the receptionist was super friendly and helpful in terms of figuring out exactly what I wanted and my stylist; Sarah; made it happen.  It was like magic.   I'm going to come to drybar from now on.....no need to keep trying other places.  :)  Highly recommend!
Whenever I get a chance to take a friend or family member to a new place I want to take them here for many reasons:1. The atmosphere ROCKS. I love the green emerald chandeliers that line the dining room. The stage the live music plays on is cute and quaint. If you are sitting inside; the leather restoration hardware-ish couches are so plush and comfortable. If you are outside the wrap around couches and ambiance is great!2. The fun drink menu - my husband is a beer enthusiast but still every time we are here he cannot help himself but ordering the brown bag special for $1.50! He loves playing the guessing game of what awful beer will be in the bag! Who cars if its a nasty beer he says for $1.50 its worth it!  I happen to be a fan of the blueberry beer myself!3. The FOOD - I love the meat and cheese small eats menu.. the jamon iberico meat is WORTH the $13; just trust me. Its a black hoofed pig from Europe. If you were to order this meat from a butcher it would run you about $138 a pound which is why the small portion you get is $13 but it is AMAZING and the only place in town that I know serves it. Order that along with the goat cheese and you will be in heaven! For the main course; you have to absolutely order the prime rib dip. God; I am craving one right now! The meat is so tender you do not even have to chew. The bread is so soft and the provolone cheese adds a perfect touch. They serve it with French Onion Soup to dip your sandwich in which adds a great compliment to the sandwich! There are many things on this menu to satisfy just about everyone. My only complaint is there can be a super super long wait at times and ordering a drink can be a pain but other than that this is my favorite among the Fox Concept Restaurant chain!
Wow! Dedicated rangers and great hiking. I do wish it wasn't so expensive but it is worth it!
I love this place and love that it's doggy friendly!
The husband and I love this place. We have been coming here ever since we moved to the neighborhood and both the food and service is consistently amazing. We have tried most of the breakfast menu but haven't dived into the lunch menu. Our favorite is the Gouda brizza (breakfast pizza) - smoked gouda; bacon; hollandaise sauce; and scrambled eggs. Yum! On lazy weekends; we order this to go and enjoy back at our place. When we dine in; it's a mix. Their Costa breakfast burrito is delicious - something the husband orders frequently. I really like their mushroom and bacon omelet; but I also enjoy their two eggs anyway meal. I normally get scrambled eggs; bacon; pancakes; and fruit (instead of potatoes). Super delicious and filling. Another favorite are the Biscuits and Gravy. Now this is amazing! The biscuits are super soft on the inside and slightly crunchy on the outside. They just melt in your mouth! The gravy is the perfect accompaniment. It's thick and filled with sausage. These are some of the best B&Gs I've had! The best part is how inexpensive yet utterly delicious they are! I love that it's a local place that uses local food. Everything is fresh and the staff is outstanding. We've taken both sets of parents here as well as friends. This is definitely the go-to breakfast place. If you are ever in the area; you should definitely check it out!
The gelato here is the best I've had in Arizona. They have a huge selection that you can sample from before you make your choice. Two of my favorites are the pistachio and also the mint chip.I've never had the pizza here so I can't really speak on that. I just stick to the yummy gelato!
A cool spot to get some drinks and grab a bite. It has a very hip atmosphere and the food is good. With the lack of options downtown this is a go-to spot. The only thing I would say is an issue is the service. It's pretty slow and unattentive; at least at the bar; and service is key.
Another location; another ode to ChipotleBurrito; burrito bowl; quesadilla; or tacoBarbacoa; steak; carnitas; chicken; or veggieBlack beans or pinto beansSpicy; corn; medium; pico de gallo; or a mixtureSomething for the whole family. Instead of yellowed Spanish riceActual white Mexican-style rice with a hint of cilantro and limeAnd. . .Brown rice for the health consciousSomething for everyone.How come it's soooooo good!?Tin foil; talkative cups; and gregarious wrappersWhat's up with the narcissistic pictures?Lots of metal and woodYou know when you walk into a ChipotleThere is always a Chipotle near by; but. . .Why aren't there more Chipotles!?
Was hoping to be blown away by homemade pasta but unfortunately we were not. IMO the gnocchi was good but the porcini infused pasta was very bland. Had to ask for and add salt; which should have been added during cooking process.Maybe will be back but would have to be really craving italian food and if thats the case might try to look for another restaraunt.
My husband and I LOVE the pizza. He went with the mushroom & ricotta pizza and I went with the build-your-own. For dessert we ordered the tiramisu; it had a pine nut brittle. FANTASTIC. We can't wait to go back.Our waitresses personality was a little lackluster; but the food more than made up for it.
Great option for when no one can decide what to do. Love all of the options; and that you pay by weight.
The food is a solid five but the service and staff can be rated 1000000/5. This restaurant is locally owned and it shows.  On a hot summer day; the lady at the counter gave me a ride to a nearby location after my dehydrated; heat exhausted self ordered a Pizza Hoagie. The employees are nice folk who won't hesitate to help a fellow man (or woman) out. And yum. I sure love the Pizza Hoagie.A lot of people come for the food and stay for the lively conversation. I stay for both. Give me more Casella's!Keep in mind that this place only excepts cash.
Wow!  I was on a mission for the perfect boot and the the pair I saw online seemed to be what I was looking for. They were sold out but the girl that was helping me tried to find something similar. My problem is that I have tree stumps for legs so everything was too tall for me. We ended up ordering the pair I saw online and she did everything for me. She was nice and didn't seem put out. Very helpful!!
Unfortunately; I have to update my review and take back my previous one. The personal training program is a sham... and way too expensive to risk finding out for yourself. I was with my personal trainer for a month with a strict low-calorie diet and exercising 5x a week (strength training and cardio)... but saw no results. I tried to cancel it; but they had already charged me for two months instead of one (plus the sign up fee and regular gym fees). I spoke to the membership manager who would not refund my money even though my report showed NO weight loss and NO loss of inches. That's fine - keep your money if that's what makes you feel better; rather than understanding a customer who is not satisfied with your program. Very sad to see gyms still operating on the value of a dollar instead of customer satisfaction.I went to a different gym (and signed up with a different trainer) - saw results immediately.
This was our first visit and most likely our last. We went in around 5 on a Saturday night. When we walked in we stood by the door for a few minutes and a guy with mohawk type hairdue walked up and seated us. Service was good and prompt. Heard people rave about their wings and I LOVE wings; so wings it is. Heard people rave about their burgers and my gf loves burgers; so she had the Bad Moon Burger and we had the Queso dip as an appetizer.  We'll go best to worst.  Bad Moon burger - jalapenos; pepperjack cheese and Cactus ranch. Menu says its a half pound; I understand the whole pre-cooked weight thing but what blend did they use 50/50?  Queso dip - was so thick the chips kept breaking and when it was served to us it had a thick skin on top of it...ewww. A plus - the chips were warm and nicely salted.  Wings - what a HUGE disappointment! As I said; I love wings and I love them hot! These wings were; however; the bad kind of hot (wing eaters know what I mean; but if you don't keep reading) The difference - Good hot means they make you sweat and gasp; have good flavor but don't mask the chicken flavor. Bad hot means they have the same thing minus the chicken flavor.  The sauce was way to vinegary.  After one bite I didn't want to eat the rest. Gave one to my gf and she agreed.  Atmosphere was good; however when we were there; there were two small children on the dance floor chasing the lights that were flashing on the floor; all the while screaming at the top of their lungs while their parents just watched.  Just to many other places that we enjoy more.
This location is similar layout to all the other stores.  Employees are nice and helpful.  Sales were great and the extra % off coupons help too.
Big Ol Santa Hats off to Lindsey/Yelp and the Tanzy Team!This was one of the most spectacular events of 2012. We were greeted with a champagne flute and immediately escorted to a beautiful table with appetizers to welcome us. Our server Jill was very knowledgeable about every dish and recommended great wine pairings for every course (there were a lot; and I wasn't driving)!Let me make you jealous with a few of my favorites: pan seared calamari with delicious artichoke hearts; scallops;  house made mozzarella; beef capriccio and the antipasto plate. The evening was wonderful and the staff was awesome. I will definitely be back to Tanzy to sample more of their delicious offerings when I use my Ipics tickets that we were given that evening.
Love this place! Great Food; Service; Bartenders and a great place for celebrations. It's cool to watch the Chef and his staff cook(Open Kitchen)- The best comfort food in town.
I highly recommend Tina. My dog has been groomed by the same person for 9 years. She is an awesome groomer and loves my dog as if she's her own. She had to stop grooming so I started visiting groomers. I was so disappointed until I found Tina. She connected with my dog like my other groomer and made her look terrific. She followed all my directions and was so pleasant and spent so much time with her. She even came to visit her before her first grooming. I'm thrilled and relieved I found Tina!
Mama Mandola's Sicilian chicken soup alone is worth a trip. Get a huge bowl for $6. Had the lasagna for the first time today and it was good. Nicely portioned. The wine is way overpriced so skip it.
Went for breakfast a week or so ago. The staff was all polite and the place was clean and packed so we had high hopes. We had a cheese crisp; machacha and eggs and a chicken chimichanga with fundido sauce. All were ok but really greasy and bland for Mexican food. Next time we will go to one of the other local places; Valle Luna; Macayos; Top Shelf even Garcia's.
Level of service; awesome!!!  Everyone smiles and says hello the moment you enter the bank and everyone is eager to be of service.  My husband takes care of our financial matters so going to a bank is a challenge but when I ask a banker for help; they are always there for me!  Good business hours too.  My husband accidentally left his debit card here once and he was very lucky that the ATM after a certain time; automatically grabs the card and he was contacted via email right away that he had let his card behind!!!
expensive but excellent quality food; service and presentation. The main room can get a little noisy so ask for a table in the back if a more intimate setting is preferred.
It's the best thing on Mill Ave in terms of food.Made a date with some girlfriends to have brunch here on a rainy Saturday. I knew that was a stretch because of NCounter's popularity that we'd get a table at the brunch hour on a Saturday. But luckily; we got a table and we actually sat outside under a space heater and it was just fine. The inside is so modern. We went in December and their Christmas decorations were super cute. We stood in a line that wasn't too long but long enough that I had time to drool over the baked goods window. Mini cupcakes? Damn cutest things I'v ever seen. I ordered the Saturday special which was a plate of biscuits and gravy (I'm a simply gal) and my girlfriends order the much-raved about eggs benedict and an omlette. Let me tell you; for not being a fancy sit down brunch place; that was the best looking omletter I have ever seen. The bs and gs were great and I got a chocolate milk which totaled to $12.50. Meh; a little overpriced. I have to give NCounter props though; they sell their own merechandise and the branding they have going on is very cool and hip. Plus they have seating everywhere. I'm certain had it been a nice day out the place would have been packed to the rafters.Can't wait to go back!
The real Arizona deal. At amazing prices. Red Arden spa is incredible. Take time to spend in the lobby - talk to Les the historian. Let me show you around. Look at photos. Breathe the fresh air and history. Food at Litchfield's is superb. Eat at bar. Happy hour even. $4 glasses of good wine. Pools and relaxation. Who needs Palms Springs??
I don't get it!  We went there tonite and having read so many reviews; we were excited and then we were disappointed.  Nothing  I would say was outstanding.  We started with a special that was calamari fritters and the Calamari should have been chopped because they were incredibly tough.  We then had another small plate with eggplant; bacon and can't remember what else...OK... but not something we would rave about.  Then we moved on to the warm duck salad.  It was bland; with the exception of the duck.  The duck breast did have a nice flavor; but that didn't compensate for the lack of flavor of the grilled lettuce leaves.  It had interesting ingredients; but didn't feel they melded together.  The white fish with the variety of mushrooms was the best thing we had.  The mushrooms were outstanding.  We did have the clams with bok choy or cabbage and bacon.  I thought it was good; but my husband ate just one clam and it was not as fresh as we anticipated; so I had the remaining  clams and thought they were o.k.  All in all; we have eaten at other Japanese restaurants;  and for us; this was not a stand out and the likelihood  that we would return for  a second chance seem improbable.  Sorry!  By the way; the servers were very good at explaining everything and brought our dishes out timely; not rushing us; but not taking forever; either.   Service I would give a 5 star; but we would have expected 5 star in the food category!
Update on my review; got a call/ email from manager apologizing; invited me back; offered me a compGreat to see that they take service seriously; I will go back. I don't need or won't use the freebie but will give them a chance based upon the follow up and customer serviceThanks
Wow what a huge disappointment coming here was. The staff was good a we were seated quickly for a Friday night.  We have heard so much good we passed on Grimaldi's to come here.- Ordered the Antipasto for $11; it was ok but not enough for 2 people. Pricey for little.- Ordered Regina Margherita D.O.C this was just awful. This thing looked like it fell on the floor. 3 faint cheese spots with 3 basil leave mostly on 1 side and a cherry tomato not a San Marzano like advertised. The sauce was bland and tasted like tomato soup concentrate. $14 very pricey This with 2 glasses of wine costs me $60..Ouch.For anyone who cooks or likes to eat you have to have passion and present your food as the best value; this was a meager attempt at that. Maybe this La Piazza has seen it's better days. I will never know as I won't return.
Food was great...
Pretty darn good; all the ingredients were fresh and tasty! I would say it is a little overpriced. I think it was like $9 for a bowl and $13 for unlimited. I stuffed my bowl to the max and it was more than enough. And I'm a big eater. Disregard the comments about cleanliness; it is very clean. The pussies that are complaining about that probably shouldn't be eating at a Mongolian BBQ joint. Food gets dropped; deal with it. I saw them wipe down the counter like 4 or 5 times while I was there.
Walking around Scottsdale during lunch time.  Decided to stop in here rather than walk a few more blocks to Los Dos.  In hindsight; we should have walked!Party of 6; 4 adults; 2 kids.  I ordered the tortilla soup - $6 for a bowl.  It was good; lots of chicken and was tasty.  When I asked for chips to put into my soup; I was told that we woud be charged for more chips because we had already received 2 chip portions and they charged $2 for more chips after that.  This did not please me.  We had 6 people at the table and the chip baskets that they use could not possibly have more than 1 cup of chips per basket.  I have NEVER been told that there was a charge for chips in a mexican food restaurant.  I will note though; that this place does not really qualify as mexican - think Tex Mex.  I thought that the serving sizes were pretty measily for the prices they charge.  One person at our table ordered two tacos with beans and rice ($10).  The tacos were very small and were served with about 4 Tablespoons each of beans and rice.  BUT; if you like lettuce; you'd be in for a treat!  Half the plate space was taken up with shredded lettuce to fill the space that should have had FOOD on it!  My kids split the chicken tenders and fries plate (also $10).  They received 4 tenders and a handful of waffle fries.  I don't know that we've ever paid $10 for something that would normally be on a kids menu at any other place for about $6.It looked like our server was serving the entire restaurant.  We motioned to two girls who were standing near the chips talking.  They both came over and asked if we needed something.  We said we were ready to order and they said that they would find our server because they were training.  They only thing we saw them do was stand and talk over at the chip counter.    Considering how many great places there are to eat in the area; I would not chose to eat here again.  Can't really find anything that makes this place stand out from any other ho-hum place.  The price of the food and what actually was on the plate did not seem to correlate to each other.  No thanks
To be honest; if I didn't have a friend that tends bar here; I probably never would have gone. I'm not a huge fan of chain restaurants; and since its less than a mile from my home Pub (Tim Finnegan's) I have little reason to stop in.When I did; it was exactly what I expected. Lots of TVs with sports on; decent beer selection and meh food. I will be honest; the wings at Tim Finnegan's are better; which is sad considering that is kind of Buffalo Wild Wing's staple menu item.The other challenge is that this and the new Olive Garden building are in a... less nice part of Metrocenter circle; right next to 2 cheap motels. Good if you wanna score crack or a prostitute; bad if you want your car to be safe in the lot after dark. If you wanna watch a game in a chain restaurant; this is the place. If you wanna hang out in a bar with some personality; drive a mile south.
Horrible experience.  Contrary to others' reviews; I was not greeted at all when I walked in.  When I ordered chicken nachos to go; this confused them to no end as if I was the first person to ever to have ordered nachos to go; even calling the manager over.  The manager was impatient; unfriendly and unapologetic when I asked if there was a problem.  I walked out before my order was complete; as I will not reward a business for poor customer service.  There are too many other options.  I hope your experience is better; I won't be back.
The food was good; but the service was strange.  We asked about the happy hour - for drinks and were told $5 for Margarita's - but then it came in a 10 oz beer glass with all ice.  Was very disappointing - way to small for $5 during happy hour. My friends got a big normal margarita glass- but the price was $8 not $5.  The waitress explained the prices wrong to us.  When I complained she only offered to talk it all back; which was not really what I wanted.  I wanted a nice margarita at a happy hour price.   How about  1/2 off or buy one get one?  The waitress just never fixed it; I asked for the manager or owner; she said the owner is in Mexico and that was it.  She said she could not adjust the price of the drinks.  So if you go; be very careful about the pricing of drinks during happy hour.  We will not be going back because of the incident.
What a pleasant surprise this was.  We had ventured to this part of Tempe to finally visit The Crepe Bar; but sadly it was closed for the holidays - so this was the closest joint with solid reviews & we went for it.  Instantly wary when you're the only couple dining in a new place; but it was the day after Christmas - and an odd time; so we didn't think too much of it.Here are a few tips:MUST.GET.GARLIC.KNOTS!  I've had too many greasy bread-sticks in my day; this was nothing like that - and came with a nice cup o' marinara to dip them in.  Also; get the baked ziti - it's a cheese-splosion.  Fresh mozzarella; ricotta and delicious baked goodness.  We also got the veal parmigiano - which was just spot on.  Great service; reasonable prices; and shockingly authentic and fresh... we will be back for sure!
great place to see a band!
I had troubles with my garage door and had no idea what to do my neighbor referred me to precision garage door  I seen that they had many great reviews and  when i called to schedule an appointment the people were very friendly and helpful they had someone out to me the same day and had the problem diagnose and resolved in less then an hour. Overall i am very impressed with Precision fast and reliable customer service.
I have been a 'regular' at LGO for several years now and so I feel pretty comfortable given my extensive experience dining and loitering at LGO to share my thoughts and opinions with the greater community.  Firstly; LGO has a great vibe--it's a haven for 20-something hipsters; posh young families; artsy middle-agers and seniors; hyper five year-olds; and all other walks of life.  You can't enter LGO without feeling instantly happy and energized--Sedona should consider adopting LGO as an additional vortex.  Anyhow; here's my recommendations: - Breakfast: For a savory meal; try the oh-so fresh Daybreaker Omlette with toast (egg whites with turkey; the freshest and sweetest tomatoes; and avacado; the toast comes with the most delicious jam).  Got a sweet tooth?  Opt for Mia's French Pancakes--this staple somehow masters both tenuous lightness and bodacious decadence at the same time.  Look up magic in Webster's and you'll find a picture of Mia's French Pancakes.  - Lunch: Sonoma Garden Salad is fresh and sweet.  I'm not much of a salad gal; but the Sonoma Garden Salad turns me into a health-nut brontosaurus (fun fact: brontosauri were suckers for leaves).  If you want a light meal with a kick; opt for the Summer Salad Roll--it's a bit spicy; but extremely fresh and hits the spot.  - Dinner: Eats-a-pizza!!  My personal favorite is the Margherita; but you can't go wrong with any selection.  Mushroom Party is pretty fantastic as well.  If you're dining with children; I definitely recommend the PB&J sushi rolls--a sweet treat with sophistication perfect for any tyke.  - Dessert: You can't go wrong with any Tammy Coe confection.  I'm a fan of the mini-cupcakes--a sweet price for just as sweet a baked good that won't spur a post-meal guilt and gym trip.  If you need a sweet wake-up; try the Iced Honey Latte... so yummy!  Of course; the freshly squeezed OJ and made-in-house Arnold Palmers are pretty fantastic picks as well.  You can't go wrong with anything at LGO!  I try to stay as kosher as I can; but my Jewish-turned-agnostic/not-so-Jewish father is an avid fan of the Green Chili Burger and the Rueben sandwich.  (Of course; I've never had either of these so I can't speak much about them as any other selection).  So try them for yourselves and let me know what you think!  Oh and just FYI; the scrumpdiliumptiousness of the food is commensurate with the terror of parking at LGO.  There is complimentary valet in the back by Postino's--just make sure you don't make my mistake of not putting your car into park before getting out of the car and letting your vehicle drive into the luxury car in front of you... Anyhoo; happy dining and hope you have a sunny time at La Grande Orange!
Great sandwich place! Worth the wait if there is one!
Located at end cap of strip mall. Reef? One very badly executed wall mural. Food was poor; though my wife liked the chicken wings & sweet potato fries. Kind of like a rec room in a prison; with same clientele. Large screen televisions and very loud hip hop music. Needs demolition rather than a makeover. Almost any choice for a sports bar is better. Waitress told us she had worked there 13 years and that there were new owners who had added reef to the name; Apparently for no known reason. A  depressing dive w/o redeeming virtues. Even with coupon promotions; this place has little to recommend it. 2 thumbs down.
I started visiting FEZ in August of 2010 when I started law school a short walk away. Over the past two and a half years; FEZ has become one of my favorite restaurants (even though my school relocated). The staff is wonderful; they carry my favorite vodka (Hangar 1 from San Fran); and the food is always delicious. Try one of their salads or burgers for a lunch that won't let you down. And for vegetarians there is a delicious; house made black bean burger.
Delicious food and excellent service!  The ambiance is wonderful.  Those sticky buns are amazing too!
Susan was very nice as she checked me in - a great start.  The room was clean and breakfast was hot and well stocked.  All in all; I was very happy despite having gone out of my way a bit to stay there.  Nonetheless; it was well worth it because I felt the area was safe and the room was just what I needed after a long day of driving - clean and comfortable!
Service was quick and attentive and the food was good. Not as good as the other place we used to eat Pho at but was OK. Our old place; Central King Eggroll in Goodyear; switched owners and isn't nearly as good as it once was and we're trying to find a new place. Little Saigon was good but not great and the Pho was super greasy which isn't what we're used to.I would eat here again if I were in the area but won't drive all the way from Goodyear to eat here.
Ok...I am a cheater.  I am a huge fan of the Land of Yogurt in Avondale...mostly because they carry Taro froyo.  However; ever since my friend Carrie told me they have Sriracha sauce as a topping...well I had to see what the hell this was all about.Obviously I took advantage of the sample cups.  The flavors were varied and pretty tasty.  I am NOT a fan of cookie batter/cake batter type flavors.  I tend to go for the tarts and chocolate options...tonight I did the plain tart and mango.  Now for the toppings...holy toppings batman!  They have a buttload of toppings!  Boba...in many flavors; mochi; nuts; fruit; cereals; candies; chocolate chips; peanut butter chips; nuts...go  nuts really!  All kinds of syrups/sauces and the pies de resistance....sriracha!  I did it and it was really weird at first; but I did love it on my mango sorbet and fresh mango pieces.  This place is very clean and very tasty.  The owner came by our table to say hi and took our empty cups.  I'll be back...just suggest to carry taro and fresh lychee once in a while!Oh! One thing I thought was cool was they had a menu of how to create certain concoctions...I don't think I'd ever use it because I'm a hmmm...that looks good; let's throw that on there type of person. Yummy-tini!
3.5 actually.Went to Nee House finally as it's a much easier drive than other Cantonese joints we frequent either in the west valley; Mesa or Chandler and being that I was in a lobster kind of mood we ventured there to try their best. We ordered the black bean version as our family typically orders the vanilla ginger and scallions so it turned out to be a good change up although I'm not a huge fan of the overwhelming volume of black pepper and onion condiment it's stir fried with (fortunately that's not included in the $/pound calculation. Tonite's market value was $15.99/lb. Warning all lobsters start at 2 or 2.5lbs so for two its easily either your main and only protein dish or a good take home portion for leftovers. However due to seafood restrictions at work a problemo for me to bring as tomr's bento filler out of courtesy to my colleagues. Lobster was succulent and cooked to a good tender texture as some places over cook it to a rubbery disaster. I thought the seasoning could've been more heavier on the black bean as the garlic  overpowered the dish as well as the abundance of bell peppers.Other sides we went for were hubby's fave eggplant and garlic sauce along with stir fried peashoots which is a staple in dining out Cantonese menus. Average taste and not disappointing and also not a bad location for us going forward as we'd like to try other faves like crispy egg noodle stir frys as well as the hot pots.They do get much take out traffic but for any seafood always eat at the table and fresh!
Joe and William are just awesome.  They've done work on the wheels for my 1965 Cobra and its perfect.  We just took my wife's Mustang in cause it was shaking at 50 mph. Turns out to be a quick balance correction; they also found a nail on the rear tire and repaired it free of charge. We will only buy our tires from these guys!
Thin crust; good sauce; fast service; and clean. If you like New York style pizza and you're in the area this isn't a bad option.
We decided to take advantage of a December $99 special to have a night at the Arizona Biltmore before Christmas. What a disappointment!When we checked in; they asked us where we wanted to stay on the property. They DID NOT offer any explanation of what was avilable; where it was located; etc. We just needed to read their mind; apparently! As it was raining;we choose to stay in the main building. They gave us a room but when we went up to the floor; housekeeping was still in the room! We went back downstairs and were given another roo - by a very disgruntled desk clerk (with a lovely -not- view of the roof). We got settled and then realized we had no heat - (it was an unusually cold; rainy day in AZ) and a light burned out in the bathroom. Maybe we were in a Super 8! We called the desk and they said they would get someone up to look at it. ONE HOUR LATER; a man finally showed up. By now the room was freezing and very uncomfortable. We wanted to take a walk around the property and asked if there was a guide or map available. They gave us - I kid you not  - a map on basically a 3x3 card. You could see buildings but certainly none of the labels. At this point; we were beginning to think that the $99 deal is no deal. You can stay there but don't expect ANY service or friendliness.Trying to shake off our disappointment; we decide to go get something to eat. We ate at Frank and Albert's - another mistake. Soup ordered was barely warm. Very little on the menu for vegetarians; lackluster service; VERY noisy restaurant.All in all; we won't be back. We have stayed at The Boulders in Cave Creek before and our experience there was what you would expect of a Waldorf Astoria property. Beautiful facility - friendly; helpful staff. The Biltmore was the exact opposite. Staff was cold and unfriendly; the accommodations were hugely disappointing. We will never return and we will never recommend this facility to any of our guests.
It's been years since I went to this gym but I still use it as my example of a bad gym in conversations.   Smelly; harsh light glancing off rows of rusty treadmills; little diversity in types of machines; tightly spandex clad women cackling on their cell phones and shaking their butt for the over muscled grunts; few small weight machines scattered amongst ones clearly designed for giants.  Just unfriendly and crowded.  To be fair;it's been years and maybe it's changed. But my nightmares about it won't.
The waitress couldn't even do her job. of food was horrible.. lets say we wont be back.
Great que.  I have lived in Oklahoma and Texas and Bobby Q is up there with the best of them.
Great atmosphere; smiling faces; cold beer. What more can you want?  Well the menu is great with choices from the simple - pepperoni and sausage to more complex flavors like fig and arigula and goat cheese. Great new place!
I had nothing but a burger... touted as the best burger in the Phoenix area; what did I get?  Well; it might be up there.  The texture was great though the sauce on the burger was likely unnecessary.  They cooked the burger perfectly (this is a huge huge requirement for a burger joint).  I don't know what or how they did it; but even though its a tad bit pricey for what it is I'd definitely recommend it!
Good service; casual atmosphere; pizza was pretty good.
On New Years Day we decided to have a girls day and go get a pedicure. Since we just moved to the area from rainy Portland; we were excited that we could actually be wearing sandals in January..yeah maybe it is a little cold but the sun was shining. My daughter; mom and I headed out to Laveen Nail. When we entered we were delighted to see that the place had more of a spa feel than a typical nail salon. We picked out our polish from their large selection of colors and we were able to get started right away. I was happy that they used plastic inserts in the foot tub which made me feel better about the cleanliness of the place. When the nail tech came over she presented me with a menu of choices to choose from. I went with the Laveen Spa Pedicure which included callous removed and a scrub. I am going to say that this was probably one of the best pedicures I have ever had. The massage was great on top of everything else. They finished it off with a great paint job including some cute flowers. We will definitely be back.
Customer service was good here and the restaurant is clean; food is average for a sushi place I would say.
I've been seeing Dr. Barry since she started her practice in the Valley.  I gave her 5 stars because she has saved me a couple of time's.  I had specialists & trips to hospitals with no luck.  So I saw her & she realized how much help I needed & began to bring me back to the land of the living.  She is a doctor that care's very much about her patients.
Most people go here for the pizza; but I love the fries and wine...especially during happy hour :)
MARKET: this place sucks. Never in my life have I ever felt so disrespected by a worker. I don't know how they do things over in Saudi; but you don't disrespect your customers here. Right when I walked in; I had to maneuver around the old fat guy who smelled like old rice and was watching TV. He mumbled something in Arabic about me being in the way when i walked by. I greeted him and he ignored me. I proceeded to help myself to smelling the Shisha; but he started yelling at me saying that that it can't be touched unless I was going to buy. I explained that I wanted to try a new flavor and asked for his opinion; but he played the no english card. I picked the flavor I wanted and brought it to the register and said I was ready and was ignored; so as I walked out the door I told him something he would definitely understand; and it was that he was a khanith. This place needs to keep grandpa off the sales floor and put him in a home; because I have found haji baba just a few hundred yards down the road; and me and my friends take all of our business there.
Oh the TallyHo!  This place is nondescript from the outside with no windows and once inside it is like a time-warp to the 70's.  The crowd is varied: I mean everything from lawyers; to college kids; Vietnam vets; to neighborhood regulars; neighborhood locals who NEED a drink; strippers; cougar clubs; retirees;  crack and meth heads...really nothing would surprise me here.  I have definitely met some interesting people here and that is part of the allure of the TallyHo. I am familiar with 2 of the bartenders and they are nice ladies...maybe a bit rough around the edges; but I think you have to be at a place like this.  I was impressed they always seem to remember me though; as I have only been in a few times.  Their drink pours are no joke and they are very good at remembering your drink of choice.  Also I should note this is a cash bar so come prepared.  As Michael C. said the entertainment consists of a pool table and a jukebox.  There are also 2 smallish TVs and I myself just enjoy the 'atmosphere'.If you have a friend in need of a drink ;or you need one yourself; or you just want to make yourself aware of the fact that your day wasn't that bad; well then come join the folks at the TallyHo Cocktail Lounge.
Very nice little shop. I went in to get Cinnabun which was fresh and wonderful. Can't wait to try the sandwiches.Update. The sandwiches are awesome. The breads are out of this world!
I love this place. One of the few truly italian owned restaurants in arizona. I believe only real italians; who are actually from italy; know how to make italian food. This restaurant proves it. Just wish there was rabbit on the menu :)
Sprouts is where I go for all my veggies! They have great prices and once a week they have a day where you can get both the previous add and the new add prices. They always have a great selection of fresh produce at great prices. They also have good meats that don't have all the chemicals added...farm raised; no hormones; etc. The store is always clean and the people working are always friendly.
We got to about 1/4 of the Sun's games and are fortunate enough to sit in the 2nd row.  Being so close to the action means you don't talk - you are sucked in to the game!  I have never considered myself a sports fan until going to the Sun's.  If this review were based on how Sarver runs the team or how the team is doing; it obviously would not be 4 stars.  Yes; I miss the Nash-Stoudemire duo and their pick n roll moves but; there is still a lot of great entertainment.  I know I am in the minority but; I continue to hope that the team will gel and we are within a trade or two of actually being there.  In the meantime; based purely on entertainment value; we always have a great time going to the Sun's games.
LOVE THIS PLACE!! Hipster; comfortable and stylish. Here are the perks:1. Upon arrival; you receive 2 coupons for 2 cocktails per person; per night stay.2. Wine tasting from 5-6 in the loungey lobby3. Mini bar in the rooms are awesome4. Comfortable beds5. Cool bar with yummy cocktails6. Nice adirondak chairs outside your room to chill in7. Pretty pool and hot tub area8. Love the fire pits at night9. Lots of parking10. Great location right on Scottsdale Rd. We also had dinner in Taggia; the resort's restaurant. Service was great; food was also delicious. Overall; the next time we head down to Scottsdale; we'll be staying here!
Love the pear salad. Pizzas are good too. I have always had good service. No complaints!
Terrible terrible terrible.
The food was pretty good; but there was a hair in my sandwich. I obviously couldn't finish; I was very disappointed!
Amy and Byron were SO amazing and made the entire experience so comfortable; very professional in every way possible. The pictures came out so great! Amy did my hair and make up and made me feel absolutely amazing. The photos are a gift for my boyfriend who is stationed in Afghanistan as a Christmas / Birthday present. I cannot wait for him to see them!
Great for when you have beer adhd.
pros...1.  the veg are fresh2.  the restaurant is clean.  love it.  must give the owner a 5 stars on cleanliness of the place; even the sauces on the table (covers were not covered w/spilled sauces).3.  convenientcons...1.  expensive2.  service is very slow (you will be frustrated if you are hungry).  we went there 4 times and it average about 20 minutes for the 1st order to come and there was a time the 2nd bowl of noodles takes another 20 minutes.3.  the beef in the beef noodles are lean meat.  I prefer fatty beef when I eat Vietnamese noodles just like how they do it in Chicago or LA.
This was alot of fun and a great way for me to check out many places in Old Town that I have never been. Lindsey had us partake in a scavenger hunt armed with a map and clues to find various places. I love that she started us at Orange Table (I had a mimosa) and end at 5th and Wine. My personal favorites that I visited (and had never been) were Fashion by Robert Black (the most incredible vintage finds); Outrageous Olive Oils (still thinking about the truffle oil); Art of Merlot (bought a gift certificate to return) and 5th and Wine. The only reason I rated this 4 stars is that I felt like there were too many places to find if you wanted to win a prize. In a period of 2.5 to 3 hours; Dolores G and I went to so many places and were exhausted! And then we didn't even come close to winning! lol. I don't care about that but I would have LOVED more time to spend in the various business without feeling rushed to compete. But.....I do feel like this shopping crawl introduced me to some new places that I really like. I would do again; all day long; but probably not be compelled to compete for a prize and rather leisurely explore.
Had to revise my previous 4-star review and drop off a star today; unfortunately. Why; you ask? Well; probably because I got a chicken pasta salad with multiple pieces of RAW chicken in it. I'm talking completely raw beneath the first millimeter of meat; not just undercooked and chewy; but physically raw. I thought it was just this one small piece; which my astute server noticed me picking at (props for the good eye and asking if all was well) but that early warning got me into the habit of checking the other pieces before I bit into them. Thankfully that vigilance saved me from ingesting the other pieces that were completely; utterly raw inside! The part that really gets me; which I pointed out to the management; is that the chicken was burned black on the outside too; so someone really; really botched what should have been one of the simplest things to cook -chicken breast. I'm no chef; but even I don't screw up chicken breast this badly. How does a trained; paid chef manage to churn out chicken that is burnt black on the outside and still raw on the inside? I would almost imagine you'd have to put a concerted effort into screwing up that badly. This is definitely a first for me. Just... wow.The manager happily deducted it from our bill and appeared to go back into the kitchen and give someone grief over it; which is nice; but it was still kind of gross to think that; had I not been so careful; I would have ingested raw chicken. He even gave me his card in case I had issues later from eating the food. Not sure if I should be grateful for the card; or worried that this is standard procedure because perhaps it happens often enough. Let's hope the former; yikes! I love this place; love their tomato soup and the service has seemingly improved in my recent visits; so I really hate to bag on them; but serving me raw on the inside; burnt on the outside chicken isn't something I can stomach (pun intended). Hopefully things pan out better in the future and I can re-review with more stars; but for now I'm dropping a star and advising folks to take a close look at their chicken if they dine here for lunch.
This was the first time I tried their sandwich.  I have to say it was pretty darn yummy; especially with the marbled rye bread.
I love their boneless wings! They also have a good burger; but I wouldnt recommend their chimichanga. Good beer and good service.
One of my fave restaurants! The unlimited salad is a winner. It's delicious! They also have a gluten-free selection that my brother loves! For Christmas; they also have some gift card deals.
This is a great dog park to have in the area.  It has a ton of room for the big dogs to run around and there are baggies and trash cans scattered all around it so you don't have to go far to pick up after your dog.  I also love that there are a couple water stations in case you don't bring your own water bowl.  The area for the small dogs looked to be a pretty decent size as well.  The only downside to this dog park is that the ground is pretty muddy so I'd recommend wearing shoes you don't care about and bringing extra towels to clean up your pup after they're done.
I was a little bit scared to eat at this place but I was pleasantly surprised. I got the chicken egg foo yung and boyfriend got spicy shrimp. The portions were humongous and it was very delicious. The Buffett didn't look very appetizing. I would definitely only order from the dinner menu. Can't wait to go back.  Food is dirt cheap and so delicious.
We have been to this location to buy gear prior to the Fiesta Bowl.  Yes; things are way overpriced; but that is the premium one pays for licensed merchandise.  One nice thing is that they had a buy one; get one half off deal.  Was nice for our large crew.  Nice selection of NFL; NBA and MLB gear.  Friendly staff; good location.  If you feel the need to buy licensed sports gear when you are in the area; worth the trip.
This was the first real ballet I have ever been to; and I was so excited it was the Nutcracker! I have been wanting to see the Nutcracker for years. Thanks to Lindsey and Yelp; I had the opportunity to go and the performance was just stunning. When I walked in; I noticed the lobby was beautifully decorated; a gentleman reading a story to children and a ballet dancer posing for pictures. The bartenders we bought our drinks from; was very friendly and accomodating. I can't say enough about how beautiful the performance was from the dancers; the sets; the costumes; etc. Just incredible. I may just take my daughter to see it with me this season....
Not that any SBUX is worth going out of your way for; but this one is worth skipping. The service I've experienced each time I've been is pretty dang poor and the drinks always seem quite cold.
They have good baked baguettes and the price was $1.50 last month; however raising the price to $2 per roll during the holiday's is ridiculous.  The female cashier was short and unprofessional.  While i was waiting for the rolls; she was rude to the next three customers spending money.  They need to work on their customer service and I vowed never to go back.
I had the best culinary experience of my 8 years in Phoenix tonight. First time at Switch. Started off with some appetizers; pesto & sun dried tomato risotto; marinated chicken breast; Mac n cheese. All delicious!  Next my wife orders the blackened salmon. I looked at her with my wtf scowl. We don't even eat seafood. It looks interesting she says. Whatever. It gets to the table and it's the biggest hunk of salmon I've seen. We simultaneously stab into it with our forks; take a bite; and we look at each other like the first time we fell in love. The combination of the salmon; bacon and sautéed greens was out of this world. Coupled with the bread pudding and sweet tomato concoction put me over the top. We let the waitress know what we experienced and to thank the chef. She brought him out and he spoke with us for about 15 minutes. Jason is touched by the hand of God. He proceeded to tell us what he had planned for tomorrow's dinner menu and we made reservations on the spot for tomorrow night. I never knew food could profoundly affect your mood but I was driving home singing my heart out to my iPod. Got home; plugged the iPod into the stereo and continued the concert; danced with my dog and made me a latte.  Perfect night.  Thank you Jason and Switch.
We have tried every Chinese delivery in Chander over the past few years and have found them all to be barely edible...and we aren't picky eaters. Honestly; fellow Yelpers; we even didn't like the one's you gave 4 stars. Where's the flavor? We tried Asian Grill delivery tonight - wonderful...delicious! We finally found excellent Chinese food delivery in Chandler!
Kinda of a rough and tumble crowd at times with the OTB booth in the back corner of the bar. Place is usually crowded after work with the blue collar drinking types and unless your a regular you will probably get ignored like I did on a previous visit. In this case; finally tried the food and it was surprisingly good. The waitress said that the buffalo wrap was good; so I went with grilled chicken tossed in mild wing sauce and that went into my wrap with the usual cheese; lettuce; some blue cheese and maybe a touch of bacon? THe wrap was huge and the chicken and blue cheese melded perfectly together. On the side dish selection wheel; I went with sweet potato fries - this was a decent version of that variety; but the raspberry sauce? served as a dipping option was a fail. Great service on a saturday afternoon and reasonable prices ($8.99) for a filling lunch.
I'm sorry to be what seems to be the lone one star review.  Either I got there on the worst day in their history; or everyone drank the Koolaid; or I just have different expectations and taste buds.It seems like a great idea.  It's a build your own burger joint; $7.00 gets you a cooked to order burger with one cheese; up to 4 toppings; and 2 sauces with fries or onion rings-or some other choices.  They also claim that the beef is local; hormone free; etcetera....I chose a rare burger with American; grilled onions; sauteed mushrooms. tomato and lettuce; with mayo and mustard on a potato bun.  I added bacon for a dollar.First; let me point out that if you are in a hurry; DON'T GO HERE TO EAT.  I waited exactly 39 minutes for my food. This would not be a big deal if:1.  I had been warned before they ran my credit card--what if I only had 30 minutes for lunch??2. They had places to sit but it's tiny and full.3.  They had magazines; a jukebox; ANYTHING to entertain you for 39 minutes.  You can't even get your drink early to sip on that.At the 30 minute mark; I'm ready to eat cardboard with a little ketchup on it; so maybe they make you wait so everything tastes even better?Anyway; before my burger comes up; I notice that the lady behind the counter is saying that the orders overwhelmed the kitchen.  I look in the kitchen---they have ONE GUY TRYING TO DO ALL THIS??????   He'd better be getting a share of the profits!!!!!  Now I'm jsut feeling really bad for this guy back there.I finally get my burger!  YAY!!  I'm SO excited!  All those 4 and 5 star reviews!  I take a bite and....the patty shoots out the other side of the bun like it had been shot out of a cannon.WTH?  I look at the patty.  It's clean as a whistle. I mean there is no mayo or mustard or cheese smeared on the patty.  I turn it over and it slides out of my fingers back into the basket.  The other side is clean too.  The freakin' burger was so greasy; it slid all over the place!  Then a greasy glop of what must have  been the mushrooms and onions slid out.  Still not seeing any cheese; mayo; or mustard anywhere.  Just oil.  Tons and tons of oil.  I open the bun;  On one side is a heavily oiled slick of lettuce glued to the bun by (I am guessing) a slice of cheese.  The other side of the bun has some mayo and mustard residue--and more oil.  I'm grossed out; but hungry.  I take a bite.  It's not rare;  It's well done and oddly; tastes very faintly of liver.  BTW; remember the bacon I paid a dollar for?  Not there.  I'm really puzzled that instead of cheese. or beef; or SOMETHING; I just taste that faint livery taste. So I take another bite.There isn't even any salt or pepper; or anything on the burger patty.  This is perhaps; the worst grade of meat available for human consumption.  I take a third bite because that second bite brought back a memory of when I worked for a meat company here in town.  Now I recognize the flavor.  I'm not saying that what I ate that day at Two Hippies was old dairy cow; but that's EXACTLY what it tasted like.At this point; I turn to the fries.  The are shriveled and DARK and taste like they've been fried and then microwaved.I couldn't get out of there fast enough!  Forget my danged dollar!  just get me in the car!Exactly one hour and 20 minutes later; I had vicious diarrheaI haven't had that trouble even with eating junk food at the fair!No.  NO.  A thousand times NO!Red Robin is my next burger stop.  Period
My wife's work had their Christmas party here last night. Although the customer service was slow and average at best; the food was outstanding. I had a burger and my wife the steak salad. I was the DD; but my wife said the margaritas were excellent. Dessert was tiramisu and sweet potato cheesecake. Great little place with a nice vibrant ambiance.
Great breakfast and lunch food in Scottsdale.  Very cool that you can do drive-thru and come in for a quick; delicious meal.
Good food
www.tiltondevelopment.com supports our local community newspapers!
Love my Chick-fil-a!  Wow; they have a system and it is super fast in the drive thur.  Amazed and they are always super friendly!  They always get the order right!!!  ++++
I purchased the introductory groupon they offered a few weeks ago; and was hesitant at first because I haven't had the greatest experiences using groupons.  I was pleasantly surprised.I did look at some of the bad yelp reviews before going in; which made me nervous! So for those of you that only look at bad reviews; I hope you see this one and have a little more hope.I had a stylist named Annie; she had pink hair.  Super friendly; and really appeared to want to get my style right.  Since I had read bad reviews before coming in about stylists not listening to the customer when they asked for the curling iron to be used for better curl; I was concerned she would do the same.  But; I let her know I was looking for good curl; and with thin/straight hair; it can be tricky to achieve.  She attempted to curl with just the round brush and hair dryer first; and when she was impressed by her curling abilities with a round brush; she was equally impressed with my hair's inability to hold a curl. So she broke out the curling iron!We made great small talk; and I let her know I would be back in a month when I go out to celebrate my birthday.The salon is a fun; well-decorated environment.  It was pretty loud with the hair dryers going; but not terrible.  The less than perfect rating was that I saw people with mimosas/champagne; and while I had been offered something to drink; I figured I could just choose water or coffee; as that is usually is what at hair salons; I wasn't informed of my choices by the front desk staff.  Now I know for next time to ask for some bubbly!Another good tip is to plan for longer than 45 minutes if you are planning to do a style with curls.  While I got started on my appointment about 5-10 minutes late; I was there for 1 hour (and I dont have super long; thick hair that takes a great deal of time).I will be back in January for my 25th birthday night!
Much more organized than the last time I was there; and I noticed more price systems vs having to ask. The even had the new Color Club halo hues I have been hunting for!!! They had 5 of the 6 colors and they were the highest priced polished in the store at 6.50 a pop!! Still MUCH cheaper that the 11$ everywhere else. No striping tape!!! Although the owner did say he had ordered it before and it didn't sell well...... I just went down the street and got some...:)) yay candy cane nails!!!
Stopped by here for lunch today... I saw the Burger sign outside and thought I would try it out. WOW!! This place is amazing. The owner/chef was taking the orders and was super helpful and friendly. I had a Paradise CHZ which came with 2 patties; smoked mozzarella lettuce; tomato; caramelized onion as well as cucumber. I also ordered  Sweet Potato Tater Tots I was blown away! BEST BURGERS IN PHOENIX!  Our bill came to $18 for 2 cheese burgers; 2 sides and a soda. It was so amazing I went back for dinner. I bragged to much when I got home that my boyfriend just had to try it. I had the special which was a Roasted Duck Burger (2 beef patties; topped with roasted duck; caramelized onions; bacon; fried egg over easy served with duck au jus) By far the best burger of my life. My boyfriend got the Beach House (2 beef patties. roasted green chili; smoked mozzarella; pico de gallo and jalapeno ranch) He also ordered the seasoned fries. I don't care for fires and I think I could eat 3 orders they were so good. His was so good he ordered another burger. For Desert we shared a Maple Pecan Bacon Milkshake; also to die for. I really think I need one of these every night.From the atmosphere; the music; the staff to the food every thing about PV Burgers was a hit.This is a must go!
I love how all other Yelpers reviewing this company have discovered the same issues that would never permit me to use their services again. Company is a disaster and should be reported to the BBB.
What a place for brunch. $4 drinks are fantastic. Their tenderloin egg Benedict and sea food sandwich is heavenly. Wish we had such a place in Los Angeles.
I'm huge fan of this place. Its tough for me and my wife to Love this place due to the Gilty feeling of bad eating we get after visiting this establishment. The food is Outstanding and I've liked everything except the Catfish fried. My wife enjoys the catfish; but I think its lacking flavor; however they fry it to a cripy golden brown crust. I could just eat the crust and forget the fish. We've been twice now and I'm sad to say that we pretty much ordered the same things twice. The garlic parmesan wings and honey habenero wings are our favorites (of course we haven't tried any others; so take it with a grain of salt) catfish; corn nuggets; fried okra; french fries; and coleslaw. And to finish it all off...the best Biscuits of all time; if you consider a biscuit a French dougnut.(beignet) a biscuit. Seriously the best thing ever; but you feel pretty guilty afterwards. My recommendation is to hit the gym prior to going so you don't feel so guilty! But what ever you do; GO......
This place is a most see must do during xmas time! The staff is always friendly; drinks are reasonable and the place is always packed on the weekends. It is a must because of their un beatable holiday spirit. This place is top to bottom decked out with lights wrapping paper and anything shinny and colorful.
Wow this place is fabulous.  Everything is so fresh and tasty that you can enjoy a healthy and yummy meal without breaking the bank.  The salad bar is huge and they have a fresh soup bar where you can choose numerous varieties of homemade soups.  Great tasting desserts and frozen yogurt machine.  Best Strawberry Lemonade I have ever tasted.  You have to try this place you will not be disappointed.  They need to open locations in the Midwest.Also; I want to give a shout out to the server at the restaurant.  His name is Oscar and he is so wonderful and funny.  He made us all laugh and smile and Oscar is such a hard worker and everyone that visits this location has to say hello to Oscar because he is the nicest man ever!
Great product! I was on a mission to make homemade mozzarella with the absolute best ingredients I could find. Organic; whole; raw milk -  this certainly did the trick! We'll be going back that's for sure!
We live by and love this place! Happy hour is most def the biggest bang for your buck! Try the shrimp boil but only if you like your shrimp a little spicy!
Absolutely loved this place! My fiance and I came across the Arrogant Butcher while we were in Phoenix celebrating my birthday and our engagement. My fiance had found it on yelp and said we must go there for lunch one day while we were there. We ended up going here for my birthday dinner; after a higher end establishment couldn't accomodate my gluten allergy. The food; the drinks and the waitstaff were great! It was so good; we went back the next day!
Set in a restored 1913 bungalow; Cibo (pronounced CHEE-boh) has hardwood floors; exposed brick; a stained-glass panel and a fireplace to set the mood while revitalizing the downtown Phoenix area with beautiful salads; antipasto; artisanal pizzas and housemade fresh pasta.    I flew in for business on a Wednesday night. My friends picked me up and they decided to take me to Cibo.    Right off the bat; I was impressed with the ambiance this place exudes. Every corner of this place is romantic. Great for small parties; or just two.    We were seated outside at a table for four. The server was very well versed with the wine list; and the menu. She right away offered some appetizer ideas; and wine parings. All good offerings. We decided on a bottle of Vipra rossa. It was over all a good wine; and went well with dinner. Also we ordered the 3 Pair Buschetta. This little gem was awesome. It came to our table on a cutting board type platter. Three little buschetta slices each having a different topping. First was grape tomatoes and basil; the second had cannelini beans; and the third had prosciutto crudo and mozzarella. Ah Mazz ING.     Being that I wasnt feeling super adventurous on the meal; I just ordered the Diavola pizza for one. Average pizza I'd have to say; was not very inventive. Good presentation though.   Service was a five.
Service. Was great until checkout.....Matthew; a twenty something with brown hair; was fine during the first few minutes of bagging but he asked me if I wanted my pizzas in a bag. I assumed it would be put in one bag per pizza. They were digorno pizzas with the bred sticks or wings.Matthew told us that they wouldn't fit in a bag. So my boyfriend said it was fine without a bag; but I knew they could fit one in a bag per box. So I asked for a large paper bag. Matthew held up the box to the bag And told me it wouldn't work. I just stood there and continued to place groceries on the line. When I noticed he put one in a bag and the inter in another plastic bag. THEN... Things were getting hostile between the cashier brittani and him. They kept discussing work related topics sucks as the time of the checkout. The cashier seemed irritated with the day that the bagging area was over crowded and backed up. Seemed like she wanted to say something. After that i noticed he was doing s terrible job bagging which caused bags to rip. putting a wide variety of packages in one bag  Matthews attitude changed as well giving a sarcastic goodbye. StoreClean but carts were hard to find when store is busy. OverallI like that I have a marketplace close to me but that was some surprising service at the end of my trip. I'll be back but hopefully I will be able to have a better bagger
Great location and friendly staff. Would love to see more vegan and healthy options.
While in the area we wanted something for lunch but knew we'd be having dinner out that same evening. Not wanting to fill up too much we ordered an appetizer and entree to share. The lettuce wraps with shrimp were so good! Fresh and crispy veggies accompanied seasoned shrimp all wrapped in butter lettuce leaves. It was light and tasty. For our entree we ordered the Hawaiian mahi mahi which came with a pineapple; red pepper and onion mixture over a bed of rice. The fish was a little overcooked but still tasted pretty good. Star for the water glass test!
You like hotdogs?  Motor (thats me) says get in your Mommy's oldsmobuick and get over to TEDS!  AND you sissys that like sonoran style dogs talking smack about Teds; go back to Tucson and eat your fru fru pineapple topped dogs with peanut butter.   This is old style; 4th of July chargrilled hotdogs and hamburgers.  Makes my mouth water.  Ok so visualize and taste this in your mind.  First the juicy hamburgers that have the hardwood charcoal taste that makes your mouth water.  The crispy ice berg lettuce; juicy tomato and onion make this a purist burger lover's dream.  Real good home made taste.   So now act you like you always do on the 4th of July and get an all beef hotdog.  First a warning.  You will crave their hotdogs after you eat em.  The crispy plump skin that cracks in your mouth and the taste is like when you were a kid and watching the fire works on the fourth.  Add the spicy brown mustard with their ketchup hot sauce and buddy you got yourself dilemma.  The dilemma you ask? Is do you order one more hotdog cause they are soooo goood!  Try the Italian for a spicy dog.  Don't start with me on the fries and onion rings.  Just make sure you wear your fat pants.  Motor out and going back for another dog.
This is pretty good. Not horrible; but I've definitely had better in my recent years. Especially in Glendale; which is surprising they have good food to begin with; but they do.
Great Sald
We had our work holiday party here and we can't wait to come back and enjoy it again. We were greeted with a large wine selection and some appetizers on a back patio. The appetizers were mini pizza/bruschetta - some had mushrooms and some has tomatoes with cheese. Both were delicious. Another appetizer was a date wrapped in bacon - this was super delicious and easy to eat. I ordered a pineapple mojito and at first our server was confused; saying they don't have a blender but could make us a raspberry mojito. (I've had bartenders tell me they don't have blenders when I've ordered mojitos before; so I was used to this.) Luckily; our server came back later telling me she was confused and viola a delicious pineapple mojito was placed in my hands with a large slice of pineapple on the rim. It was amazing! So good; the husband had to order one for himself. Our party moved inside to a private room where we were given tiny menus with simple selections. The husband ordered the beef entree; steak with horseradish mashed potatoes and I ordered the scallops with corn polenta. While the scallops were delicious; the steak was super tender and moist! (Better than a fillet we had the night before!) For desert; I ordered the chocolate cake with coffee crema inside and the husband ordered the cheesecake. The cheesecake came in a cute mason jar and was amazing. I really liked my chocolate cake but the cheesecake was better. For once everything the husband ordered was better than what I had ordered! It was a fantastic party and such a great venue. Can't wait to come back!
Just want to Say ThankYou Hawaiian Airlines for Making My Grandparents Flight Very Enjoyable. They Say Nothing But good things
I really enjoyed my mani/pedi with Trisha!  She took her time and taught me about manicuring my nails from home which I loved.I went in for the Groupon basic mani/pedi deal and left feeling like I got a lot more! It was the most pleasant experience I've had at a nail salon. The conversation was easy and Trish is a great person. I will be coming back to Trish for nails again! The entire staff was friendly and professional. Great Salon!!
My fiance and I eat at Chelsea's about once a month. We love the chicken nachitos. Don't be fooled by the name; they are enormous. There is nothing ito about them. They come generously topped with fresh shredded chicken; silky melted white cheese; chunky guacamole; and sour cream. That appetizer is accompanied by a fantastic red salsa. Yum. Another of our favorite entrees is the swordfish tacos. The fish is always tender and cooked to perfection. I love the homemade tortillas and kale salad too. The service is always impeccable. They are quick to refill bevs and ask how we are doing.
On a Friday night restaurant was busy; but the service was top drawer. Food was very good and we will be back. Prices reasonable.
The best gluten free pizza!! Absolutely loved the avacado pizza. So delicious. The wait staff was great; very friendly and invited us to a wine tasting while we waited.  Parking is limited; but certainly not an issue to complain about.
Horchaita was good as well as the free chips. Fish tacos were decent but it's still fast food.
Yuck. How can any Mexican joint have absolutely no flavor in their meat? I really wanted to like this since it's close by and I'm all about 24 hour fast food! Bummer.
Great food with large portions.  Very friendly; helpful staff.
Just eat here.  So good.  I would work here if I could get free buffet breakfast every morning.
It was the worst buffet I had in the Valley.It has a nice variety but the food was not really good; cold and sadly plain.I wont come back to this buffet.
The best sushi in Chandler. Possibly in the Phoenix metro area.Shimogamo is a quiet sushi location in a strip mall.  The interior has just a few tables and is very peaceful.  Hurry is not the name of the game here; bring a friend that you really like and have some great conversation while you enjoy the easy going but very pleasant service.You won't taste ice on your fish here and it's one of the few places I feel comfortable eating sushi in the desert.
Take advantage of online ordering (or phone app ordering) to order ahead and then walk in; skip the line; and pick up your food! It's great! The online and app ordering process is very easy; and lets you highly customize your order. Once you place your order; you're given a time when your order will be ready; and that time has never been more than 15 minutes from when I hit send.  My only problem is that there are a few items missing: you can't order a kid's meal or a simple side of rice or beans. Other than that; it's a very efficient way to place an order.At this location; there are a couple of nearby restaurant only - 15 minutes parking spots.  Order ahead; use one of these parking spots; and you're in and out in no more than 5 minutes.
Best Curry ever:) Nice little outdoor patio- so cute you forget it faces the parking lot! Love the fresh ingredients and imaginative flavors. Wonderful!
I use this UPS store as a mailing hub for my small business. I have NEVER had any problems with packages coming in or going out and I have sent out hundreds of packages in the past 3 years I have had a box with them.  They are always friendly and greet me by name. I feel like I live in a small town again and not just another ant in the sea of people in the valley.
Boba Tea House is always consistent with their boba.  I've been to so many boba places.  Many places just don't make them quite right -- if it's right; it's soft and squishy; the places that get it wrong don't cook it long enough; and it turns out too hard and chewy.  Sometimes I'll find a place that made good boba; but when I return on a different visit; it's not the same.  Boba Tea House gets it right every time.  I always just order their boba milk tea.  My sister likes their mini-boba; but that's only good if you like a lot of little boba balls swishing around in your mouth -- it kind of tickles. The service has been good here on all of my recent visits; and I'm always satisfied.  I pretty much always stop here when I go shopping at Lee Lee's.
Great place; Its loud; packed; EXPENSIVE FOR what you get and only has valet. But; I like and will return. Have only been twice; but since Gaspers burnt  or closed down; this is pry my fav  for Italian in central Phoenix.
I was here not too long ago.  The place is cute and when you look at the menu; you can't help but be get excited to go there the first time.  But its one of those places that after trying it the first time; you never have the same excitement to eat there and when debating where to have dinner on a given night in the area; Main Ingredient always comes up as your third choice in case the your first two preferences are either closed or packed.  Meal:  We both had sandwiches and a side of the mac and cheese.  I can't remember what local beers we had; but they were excellent.  They have a terrific beer selection.Taste:  There were many; many delicious choices on the menu and sadly; the food is not as appealing as billed on the menu.  Its still good; but it doesn't live up to the hype.  7 out of 10.Value: I thought the prices and potions were very and reasonable; but the real value is in their happy hour specials. 4 out of 5.Service/Cleanliness:  Our server was very attentive; silly and friendly.  Her recommendation for craft beer was dead on.  9 out of 10.Atmosphere:  I hate to repeat what others have said; but the atmosphere is a perfect place to chill out at.  I recommend this a top place for Friday Afternoon Drinking Club.  5 out of 5.Overall:  If you are in the area; you should give it a shot.  I think the next time I visit; it will be just for a few drinks and an appetizer.  25 out of 30 points; 4 out of 5 stars.
The sandwiches are truly AWESOME.  The Bobby is fab.  I went to the Chandler Rd location for years and now go to the Tempe location.But; I give 3 stars because I've yet to have good service.  Something always seems to happen.  I call in my order; it gets lost.  I call in my order; I'm told they are too busy to take phone orders.  I go down and order in person; my order gets lost again.  I'm convinced I'm cursed.  I'll keep going back because that Bobby is the BOMB but service is what it is.
I love love LOVE this place. My boss (who is into healthy eating) recommended this place. I went over with some highly skeptical friends and one dinner was enough to convert them into believers! The food here is so good! We had the Shrimp dumplings and the Onion tart as starters. We ordered the Shirataki noodles and street tacos as entrees. So also ordered the Kale-aid. All of the dishes were yummy. I have gone back many times since then and have never been disappointed! I have gone after yoga to get some Kale salad or the chicken chopped salad. I always have to get the Kale aid. Once; a guy at the next table; uprooted a whole plant by mistake (on the patio) and was highly embarrassed as was his date! Ever since; I have very careful not to throw my arms around as I can be quite clumsy sometimes! I do NOT want to be banned from my favorite place for my clumsiness! I don't think I can live without True Food!
Great place to have a meal with family; can be a little on the loud side cause ita always a busy place; recomend calling ahead and getting name put on waiting list; reservations party of six or more only price range moderate; but well worth it
So very Portlandia in its hipsterness and decor. Premium coffee roasted in-house; in the middle of the desert; no less! Who would have thunk it.Baristas were profesh and friendly. They even warmed up our pastries upon request. Perfectly foamed milk and fruity noted espresso. I hope this place has a long life in Scottsdale; where great coffee is few and far between.
It's just like pizza bianco without the wait. This pizza is a 9.9999 and bianco is a 10. This place has a much larger menu and their deserts are to die for. If bianco has more then a 30 min wait just drive and or walk here.
Very polite staff. Did not wait very long to be seen.
I met up with a few ladies here for drinks a few weeks back at the suggestion of someone else. We didn't end up playing pool; just enjoyed our drinks at the bar before moving over to a table. We were definitely over dressed and probably out of place; but it was a chill place to let loose. Drinks were okay; food was nothing outstanding; prices were to be expected.
Good pizza. Nice and laid back. Good staff too.
Our server Gary was awesome. Food was amazing...an experience.
Rally burger is a pretty great alternative to McD's or BK; and its somewhat unfortunate that there aren't more locations in the Phoenix area. Their seasoned fries are awesome and even better with chili. What I was really impressed with; though; is their value burger selection and flavor. A simple rally burger is a buck and change and seems like some of the non-value burgers at other fast food. Good condiment to meat ratio; and flavorful. And no skimping here...you get all the condiments even on a value burger: lettuce; tomato; pickle; onion...all that. The other thing I really liked was they have a value buffalo chicken burger which was actually really tasty. All in all; yes its fast food; but its a different flare with unique options and arguably better quality in some areas.
Top notch cheesesteak. One of the best in the valley. This place has a large delivery area; and is located right by campus. The owners are really nice and friendly. I'm really glad something moved into this spot. It's so convenient. Their desserts are great as well. I wish they had some chicken options; but they are new and said they would be adding to the menu as time goes on. My girlfriend said the turkey sandwich was fantastic. They sometimes carry Tasty Kake; so ask about that. I've had the authentic cheesesteaks from Philly; and this tastes every bit as good if not better. It's definitely in my top 5 local cheesesteaks.Edit: Just ordered delivery - Lightning fast! This place is incredibly legit. I went with a cheesesteak with White American cheese instead of wiz this time - So incredibly good. They tossed in a new dessert they didn't have last time which was awesome. Their prices are really good and their food is so delicious. I'm a huge fan. I'm not kidding with this 5 star rating - I love this place. Rave rave rave...
I've been to multiple Buca di Beppo locations in several cities.  They are a good place to go with a large group.  We went to this location with a group of nine.  The menu was typical.  We ordered the seafood trio; which was nice; and the fried mozzarella; which was also good.  The Caesar's salad was also good.  We ordered pasta entree's and chicken; all of which were served up warm and in plentiful portions.  We left with a fair amount of food.  I would give the food four stars.  However; I would give the service one star.  Two in our party ordered cocktails.  Five of us ordered wine with dinner.  All drinks arrived together with our entrees.  We did not get enough dinner plates.  We did not get enough wine glasses; and had to wait for three more.  Three entrees arrived together; and we had to wait about five minutes for the fourth to arrive.  We had to ask three times for boxes to put our leftovers in.  We were never asked if we wanted dessert.  If the service were spot on; the rating would be much higher; but; I can't justify it.
I had the Potato Balls; they were larger than i expected (i'm used to the likes of Portos) but i was not discouraged from attempting to take them in all at once; alas i failed.. but i was a happy camper.
I had the Crispy Steelhead; and it was delicious! The sweet pea risotto and roasted tomato-chanterelle ragout were a great addition. If you're looking for a great restaurant with an original menu; this is the place to go! Friendly staff and they were quick to seat us.
The Good: We absolutely love their wings and its becoming a regular for us to go every other Tuesday for their wing deal. We always get the honey hot wings and share a side of either regular fries or the loaded fries.The Bad: I do feel the wings are a bit too pricey; even on the deal days. Also; what is up with their high school hostesses!? They are incredibly rude and give dirty looks every single time we have gone; which is now around 7 times. Someone really needs to put these girls in check. Goodness. This is the reason for 3 stars instead of 4. I would actually give it 3.5 stars if I could.We like the atmosphere and it always seems clean and the servers have been very nice so far.
This review is based on delivery; service and food quality as delivered.Second and last time I will be ordering from this place. The first time they forgot a few items and were very off for delivery time. Tonight I Ordered at 11:03 PM; estimated delivery at 11:50 updated to 11:54 PM (from a whopping 1.5 miles away to add). 11:54 comes and goes. Call them; at 12:07 AM now; I am told they are on their way (1.5 miles away keep in mind). Call back at 12:40 AM to cancel my order as I do not want to eat at 1:00 AM. They actually come to deliver while I am on hold waiting at 12:44 AM. My hot sub is ice cold; there's nothing like the taste of cold greasy bacon and chicken close to 1:00 AM on a Monday (now Tuesday) night...if you are going to take nearly 2 hours to deliver this; at least make sure the temperature is somewhat close to where it is supposed to be....never again silver mine...never again.This place probably has a good taste potential. Unfortunately; like most hot food the taste quality substantially decreases the longer it sits...in a fridge; alley; or wherever they decided to leave it for nearly 2 hours. If you feel the need to get food from here..for the love of sub kings please just DON'T GET DELIVERY!
Typical multiplex. Had to exit the theatre to find someone to remind them that they needed to turn the overhead fluorescent lights off. Watching a movie in stark white light is not nice.
Old school steak house.  Best 22oz ribeye I've had in years.  Bread drenched in broth was curiously delicous.  Waitstaff hustled.  THe only aspect was the salad; a waste but at Durants; there is so much good meat; why waste it on vegiies!
I really (REALLY) like The Lodge so I was gonna give it 4 stars. To be honest though; I really can't think of any good reason NOT to give it that 5th star.I've mostly been here for Happy Hour when visiting AZ; but I've also stopped in a few late nights; and have always had a good time.The Lodge has one of the best Happy Hours (deal wise) in Old Town. All apps (except the mac & cheese and fried pickles) are half off along w/$2 cheap drafts; $3 Lodge signature drafts (which is a tasty beer) & $3 wells (stuck to beer on this last trip; but if I recall in the past they actually use a heavy pour during happy hour).I've tried quite a few of the apps; and they're all good. The pretzels & cheese are particularly tasty. I always get pretzels & cheese no matter where I am w/the friend I came here w/for happy hour the last time I was here so I can say I've tried quite a few in my day & the Lodge's ranks right up there!I admit I'm a sucker for cheesy theme bars; so I kind of of dig the ski lodge theme here. the dining room area isn't huge; but is clean w/comfy seats. The bar area is pretty big & the patio is nice; weather permitting. I've never had an issue w/the service here & both bartenders & bouncers are always nice.
I think they do a pretty good job here.   I appreciate the doc's frankness.
I had been wanting to come back for a while.  I love this restaurant.  Last night we had a magnificent meal.  I started with the St. Francis Lemonade; a perfect cocktail to start your meal.  There are so many wonderful choices.  They are featuring a special menu for New Years; however you can order from it a la carte; so we decided to start with the Arizona Citrus Salad.  It was delicious.  I love the combination of dates; goat cheese and orange slices.  I also chose from the special menu the sea scallops.  WOW; they were so sweet and tender.  They were served over a bed of black lentils; so amazing.  The portion was generous; 5 scallops; I am glad I didn't order the side of sweet corn polenta.  I ended up ordering dessert (yes my hubby twisted my arm; NOT).  I had the usual; Sticky Toffee Pudding and my hubby had the Chocolate Stout Cake.  I had a bite of his and it was great.  I cannot guarantee I won't stick to my usual dessert; but it was a closed one.  I wish this restaurant was closer to where I live.  It is such a great place.
Great dive bar in old town ! strong drinks at cheap price.Mixed croud; friendly people. Must try !
Great service
I was excited to check out Sleepy Dog after seeing all of it's 4 and 5-star reviews; and finally made it in. I must say...both beers I enjoyed were delicious. Establishment itself is small but unique and modern; and their whole theme around dogs rocks. The only drawback; is they do not serve food....well; the whole reason I went here was to meet up with a friend for dinner and a beer or two. I was shocked at this. We ended up having a pizza delivered from a pizza place down the street; which went well with our beers. One great thing; was they have a ton of flat screens all around. One had a corny late 80's action movie playing which was very entertaining; and something you don't experience everyday. All in all; I did like Sleeping Dog; and would like to go back. I saw the popcorn maker as we left! Beer was just as good/better than the other breweries in the area.
A great little spot to find! Fresh; Fresh; Fresh Sushi and great eats! Be sure to try the green bean appetizer!
Little Chicago Pizza is the best thin-crust pizza I think I've ever had. The restaurant is small; as they probably do most of their business carry-out or delivery.  We did eat in one time; and someone came right out from the kitchen to serve us; even filling our water cups from the soda fountain that was perfectly accessible for us to do ourselves.  Anywhere else I'd have expected a snotty the water is right there rather than real service.  Everybody is very friendly; even when on the phone taking orders.  Price is comparable to any other pizza spot around; but the pizza itself; if you like thin-crust; is just awesome.  Add in the great service and you have a solid pizza place for the south Scottsdale area.
I love Christmas-time and I especially love it because I know that Luminarias is back and this year it's better than ever! The staff and volunteers at the DBG do an excellent job of directing guests through the garden. Between the well-lit paths (with Luminarias of course); helpful staff and amazing acts; this is an event not to be missed! I consider this to be the ultimate activity for adults. It's romantic if you're on a date; it's festive if you're with your family and it's just pure fun if you're with friends. You enter the park to be immediately greeted by hundreds of meowganificant Luminarias lighting up the entire garden. Cocktail stations lie in every knook and cranny and they serve delicious festive drinks like my favorite; hot cocoa and raspberry vodka! If you're hungry; they sell food throughout the garden at two locations. Then there are the performers. The DBG does an amazing job of bringing in musicians of every shape and size. Whether it's a trio of Christmas carolers; a mariachi band or a lively Jazz band; they have bands in every corner lighting up the night! I am also continuously impressed with the acoustics of the garden. With so many live acts in one area; you can barely hear a specific act until you are in that area. Their event planners did an amazing job! Luminarias is my favorite Arizona activity during the holidays and I can't wait to go back next year!!
Great work lunch. Valet parking; only. Waitress was helpful in narrowing down my selection (salmon salad) and listened to my criteria. 4 stars since wait staff seemed otherwise aloof.
I rather go to Native or Zipps... We have had bad expierence after bad expierence here. If you are craving wings; this isn't the spot for you.
Love Sam's Club! Especially those little red velvet cupcakes and Chocolate wine ... the best! We always do most of our grocery shopping here. Always a treat.
burnt.china china caught fire :(
I've played well over 40 of the Golf Magazine Top 100 courses in the US. We're lucky to have many of them here right in our backyard. This course stands out! Exemplary service; and the driving range is the best I've ever seen.The course is tough. No country club rolls here. Hit it right or left and you're undoubtedly taking a drop; and a stroke.Can't wait to get back for my next round!
Always a favorite. Definitely bookmark this place if you can't make it or the line is too long to wait. Just about every pasty is DELISH and my favorite would definitely have to be a cottage pie (not to be confused with Shepard's pie!!)
Wow... After eating sushi from across the nation i have to say Scottsdale's Geisha A Go Go has surprised me for an ultimate low. Andrew; the manager; reassured us that we had something wrong with our taste buds for not tasting how fresh the fish was here. Insulting to assume. Not recommended!!!!
I went back tonite for more LFC. This time; the chicken pieces seems to be a little bit bigger than last time. The menu now has a disclaimer saying that some sides may incur an additional charge.  That was two of my gripes on my first visit; so check and check.. This time; I ordered an 8pc with 2 large sides...As stated above; chicken was bigger; and it was hot and moist..perfectly seasoned. For sides; I ordered the sweet corn nuggets and mac and cheese. They had run out of mac and cheese and had to make more. It took about 10 minutes to make. Was it worth the wait? It was fresh; REAL macaroni and cheese; baked in the oven; not some out of the box variety. It was made with real cheese; as witnessed by the stringy cheese when eaten. My comment here is that I prefer a more creamy variety than what it was. But it definitely was better than Kraft mac & cheese in a box. The sweet corn nuggets were incredible. Not sure if they are something they make fresh or if it comes out of a freezer bag; but they were delicious little morsels. Nuggets of corn kernals; surrounded by a light crunchy coating and deep fried. I wanted to try out their fried shrimp; so I got an add on of 4 fried shrimp ($1.99). At first view; I was disappointed. What I got were 4 very small (think MAYBE 45-50 sized shrimp). They were not even butterflied; which would have made them appear bigger). But upon tasting them; I really enjoyed the flavor. They appeared to be freshly breaded (is it the same seasoned flour used for the chicken?) and were very tasty. My suggestion here would be to 1) butterfly the shrimp and 2) get a slightly larger shrimp (even if it means a price increase). With my second trip to LFC; I am becoming an even bigger fan..Tasty chicken; good sides; a clean restaurant; and nice employees.
Yukon gold is amazing; it is like a baked potato; just on a pizza!  I hate that they got rid of their Wyders Pear Cider; it complemented almost all the pies i tried... Guess i will have to settle for beer next time
Very good food! We ate some shrimp tacos and macaroni and cheese. They split our tacos up for us and didn't charge for it...the portions were great too!Our server was friendly as well. Would definitely return!
This review is for Gil's catering - which is fantastic.  Our perfect event for a new product launch needed to be casual; but tasty and high quality.  Gil's was all of these things.  The food presentation is pretty without pretension.  Everything was fantastic.  Best of all; Gil worked with us to plan an event within our budget.  Fare is traditional with a tasty twist - our group loved the chimis; taquitos; enchiladas and especially the chips.  We expected 2 servers and 4 showed up - including Gil.  They over delivered in every sense.
My wife and I celebrated our anniversary here for the first time. I have nothing but good things to say. Food; wait staff and overall experience were excellent. This is an old school type of steakhouse with red velvet wallpaper; leather booths; etc. If you haven't been; I can't recommend it highly enough. Give it a try and you'll be glad you did!
I Love this place. I eat here either take in or take out at least 2 times a week!I also agree with some of the others. I love the fact that I can try something new without committing! I love the revolving sushi. I also do not like that there are a lot of spicy selections. Why not offer the spice on the side. I would love some of the sushi; but it has that spicy sauce on it.Some of the best to offer that some people might not know about:Haru sushi - Tuna stuffed with crab and topped with avocado!Hand rolls - YUM!!! Some are only 2.50Udon - Good!The staff is great. The wait can be long on some days or eves.Love the baked scallops. Great mussels too.
Not only was the music the worst I have ever heard the wait staff was as annoying as ever! Like a wanna be swanky place in a strip mall that smells like fish and plays horrible music. Food was so so but over priced for what it was.
Purchased Angus CBO the sandwich had no fixings on it. I sent a note of complaint to corporate mcdonalds. for the price they charge for the burger this was unacceptable
My daughter and I really love it here.  I always walk in without an appointment and I never have to wait more than a few minutes.  The staff is very friendly; talented and professional.  Highly recommended!
I had the misfortune of stopping by this establishment today with two things; a skirt and a cloth handbag. I asked the woman at the counter if I could have some very minor stitching done on a cloth purse. She looked it over for about 3 seconds and said 'Oh no I don't see how this could be repaired'. (what I wanted sewn were two little pom poms attached to the cloth strap that were loose and I wanted them to be stitched on there tighter). Not a difficult task. She then told me that she could maybe 'send it out' and have it stitched but it would take a week or more to get it back. WHAT??!I then asked her about  the skirt which I wanted cleaned and/or pressed with the tags attached (because I'm selling it). She said no that the tags would be destroyed in the process. So I went to another dry cleaners and asked the same things for both the skirt and the bag. I was informed that what I wanted done would be no problem and that I could pick it up the next day.
A bit pricey; yet one of the best breakfast sandwiches you will find.  Parking is slim.
Waste of time. I could not even get in there today because there was a football game. The wanted me to pay $10 just to park. How stupid is that! 2 days before Christmas. I noticed all the prices were the same and somtimes more than any other mall. Goobye and good riddens. I have better things to do with my time and money.
My experience at Old Town Tortilla Factory is probably very different than that of the average patron. I dined here with a semi-private party with 40 other guests and we were served buffet-style.Our group was seated in their outdoor dining area; which I absolutely loved. I thought the atmosphere was great and brought an authentic Southwest feel and vibe to the restaurant. The food was as decent as you would expect sharing buffet-style with 40 other people lined up outdoors: nothing mind-blowingly memorable; but nothing too bad; either.My one complaint would be the servers. Especially at our single table of 8; it did not seem the server we were assigned was equipped to take care of a large group. There was much unnecessary confusion at the end of the night when it came down to settling some bar tabs. Overall; it did not ruin our experience; but definitely took away from the overall positivity. Regardless; I would love to come back here with a smaller group and enjoy a fresh plate of food! The outdoor dining is definitely something you can't pass up...
It has been quite the challenge to find good Chinese food in AZ. But I love this place. From the customer service to the quality of food; we are never disappointed. I am a huge fan of their fried rice and wonton soup. My 5 year old loves the sesame chicken; and their beef skewers are good. We find that the best value is either the dinner for about 19.99 or getting the food to go. For some reason; we get more to-go than eating there. But either way the quality is good. The servers remember your names and family. They are genuine provide great reasons to return. We eat there about every other week. If you want to try them; go lunch. You cannot beat their prices.
This company is Awesome!!! I was recommended to go here by a friend and was hesitant since it was my first time going to a salon. I was extremely impressed with how welcoming they are and how dedicated they are to making your experience unforgettable. They gave me a facial massage treatment thing that was out of this world. The entire day I walked around with my face forward and could not stop talking about how great I felt. I will be visiting quite often. Thank you so much!John Paul D.
Live music; plenty of beer on tap; and a very happening place.  This place was packed with people however with a group of 6 we still found tables and chairs.  I enjoyed some beers on tap; but wanted to try some food so we ordered the Copper Blues Burger.  Very good burger; fresh tasting and the bacon and cheddar hit the spot.  The fries are good; which I normally do not eat at all.  Nothing like enjoying a nite out with friends.  Live music; great food; and plenty of drinks and beers on tap to enjoy.  We all had a great time out.  Service was great and everyone seemed pretty friendly there.  Great atmosphere here.
11/04/12HUGE Asian festival going on!Brought my aunt with me to check out the Fire & Sand: Contemporary American Glass exhibit today; but we were surprised to find an Asian festival going on.  (From what I gathered; these Asian showcases of jewelry and crafts are fairly common here.)  My aunt was very happy; as she loves to shop and haggle; and haggling is the norm in Manila (as it is in Asian cities); so she was in her element here!  I; on the other hand; was bored to tears.  Instead; I went off on a stroll while aunt shopped around; I eventually found some food trucks; and wouldn't you know that Hey Joe food truck was in the area.  We just ate a huge breakfast beforehand; so that was a bust.  I did find a Maui Shave Ice food truck; but that's another review for me to write...We eventually did check out the free glass exhibit; and it was very much worth the drive to Mesa from North Scottsdale!  I hope you enjoy the contraband photos I took and uploaded.  I hope to return soon and check out a few live shows.
Go for the drinks; go for the food; go for the architecture but don't go for decent service; there is none to be found. Their cocktails are some of the best downtown and the building itself is amazing and conceptual. I've never had a bad plate of food there and they serve late but I've also never had decent service; always stuffy and standoffish. The last time I went in our server took the center piece off our table in the middle of our meal!  I always go in with the hopes that if I'm nice then the server will respond. Nope. Never. But I always go back.
Love it!  They make their own cheeses and use local produce and meats.  They also make wonderful ice creams.  If you're ever in the neighborhood or just in the mood for something fabulous; you should stop by!
Yummy; fast; fairly priced; and great service! I'll be back!!
Well; if you want California fancy cuisine; this ain't your place.  If you are seeking down-home country cookin; this is your spot.  Anyway; there are no Cracker Barrels in California.  The lunches for the two of us were great.  Very good service on a busy day.  Our meals were exactly as ordered (many choices at Cracker Barrel) and the food was hot. The prices are unbelievably reasonable; as inexpensive as a fast food restaurant.The servers are super and extremely courteous and well trained.
Good food; and the Express in the name is accurate.  This place is great for a quick lunch with a good menu.  The staff has always been good here too.  Overall a very solid lunch spot!
Check engine light came on in Wikieup late on Friday night.  One of my family members has had work done here before and recommended them.  They got me in on short notice and stayed late to finish the job.  Was reasonably priced too.
Nello's is the best!  Great local feel; great food; love this place.You have to have:  (Gluten Free) Pizza; Garden Salad with Turkey and House Dressing.  It will soon be your go to feel good order.
When I was recovering from surgery; I received of one of their arrangements. It was marvelous. The quality was unbeatable; with gorgeous blooms and fantastic presentation. They lasted for weeks. I am really pleased with this company and wouldn't hesitate to use them again!
Lanes ok. Balls ok. Shoes ok. Wings and beer ok. I would come again.
Tried this for the first time today.  While my hubbies french toast was wonderful and the kiddos enjoyed their meal; my biscuits and gravy tasted much like bacon grease and flour.  Sending it back and trying something else is what I would have liked to do; but the server never returned to check on us until my family was finished with their meal.  The owner did apologize and asked us to give them a try again.  Maybe I will; if the staff gets some training.  Everyone seemed completely overwhelmed.  It's too bad~as I love going out for breakfast.
Tried going there for my 1st visit and they were closed during hours they were supposed to be open.  Have tried calling them a few times during normal business hours and did not get anyone to pickup.  They may be closed for good.  Not sure.
We were staying at a local hotel and used online ordering to feed our crew.  The ordering went smoothly and the pleasant surprise was the food arrived early and warm.  We ordered two of their usual pizzas and one of our custom orders.  Could have had a few more toppings on one of them; but overall nice value and timely service with warm food.  We looked for the specials on-line and save a few dollars.  Worth the time to do so.  Would order again.
My husband surprised me with a stay-cation at the Westin Resort for the weekend and we ate here on our first night!Let me just say; I LOVE MUDDLED DRINKS; I am not a fan of cosmos or martini's or anything that just tastes like strong alcohol - BLAH! For me stronger isn't better; flavor and uniqueness is better! This place has by far the best muddled drinks I have ever had! If you just want to go for drinks they have this cute little drink bar right before you enter the restaurant - separate from the main dining which I thought was nice. The decor is romantic latin! I love it! We started our dinner first by receiving these potato rolls. OMG where have these been my entire life!!!!???!! They are just fall apart in your mouth good! We both ordered mambo mango drinks - STELLAR! We then got the tres ceviches (lobster escabeche / mixto clasico / ruby red tuna) the lobster was the best! But all very good. However the crab empanada was my favorite! YUM!My husband got the jidori chicken and myself the adobo pork. Both were good but not GREAT. Too much seasoning on my pork. To me this place is a MUST go to for drinks and small bites. I would have given this place five stars but the entrees just didn't do it for us. However; it was not horrible - just okay. The rest of our experience with dinner - service; restaurant ambiance; overall feel and all of our food and drinks before the entrees was AMAZING! So we will be back just for a more small bites and drink night!
We came here because we were really hungry and it wasn't too bad. It was one of our random trips up to Phoenix one day and we decided to eat here. The food was good and with $4 fireball bombs; can't complain!
This store is banking on the hope they are the only place to buy what they are selling. The mgr at the cash register was not only snobbish and unhelpful but down right rude. It is 12/21/12 I know Christmas time is tough for retail employees but I was at many other retail stores today and their mgrs and employees were extremely friendly. I spend approx 1/2 hour talking to a sales assoc who was very friendly and all was good until I got to register with the mgr and I ended up walking out without purchasing anything. I then went to my car and purchased desired items on amazon while in this stores.parking lot. I know business is good this time of year and maybe this companies business is always good. But the post office and Sears also used to be the king! I could explain all the facts of the situation but I am sure it would make no difference as I am confident this is the culture of this store.
They serve traditional Korean food.
Nice place surrounded by many fast food places. No grease here!  Breads are wonderful; but customer service was just ok.  Great pastries and part of the Belly loyalty program.  Super dog friendly as well with the outdoor seating.
This store has the most pleasant employees of any Forever 21 I have ever been to. The girls are always smiling and they take the time to esquire if you need help. The other day; I went in and an employee spent over 10 minutes helping me locate a particular skirt my sister wanted for Christmas.
Damn good pizza! A little spendy (hence why I didnt give them 5 stars) for what you get but regardless; the pizza is pretty damn good. The wings are decent; I think there baked instead of fried and the sauce seems a little weak. They often have a 25 dollar special which includes 20 wings and a large pizza or some kind of 2 pizza wing combo for around 40 dollars. I'd recommend this spot to anyone looking for some family fun times surrounded with fun people and good food.
If you need excellent service take your Infiniti here.  With my 2003 G35 coupe and almost 161K miles all the major service was done by the service tech: Keith.  Ask for Keith; my 2003 G35 coupe has been the most reliable car I have ever owned.  Maybe because its an Infiniti or because Keith does a great job on keeping it in tip top shape.  With that many miles and zero leaks: oil; etc.  I hope it will last till 200K miles with no major problems.  It still runs great and has cold ac.
Tanzy; Yelp; and Lindsey deserve the biggest standing O for this event.  I honestly think I am still full from the generous food options that kept flowing.  I kept thinking we were done; but OH NO here comes another course.  I felt like I was at a chef tasting menu dinner.  Right when we got there we had a glass of Champagne and were seated with a olive and meat plate followed by some bruschetta and local made cheese.  After the event officially started we were hit with amazing course after amazing course.  With never empty glasses of wine  My Favs:Sweet Corn RisottoScallops (cooked to perfection with a parsnip puree mmmmmmmm)Alaskan King SalmonCenter Cut Filet MignonBrussel Sprouts yes Brussel Sprouts (Tempura battered with a sweet relish AMAZING)4 hour braised beef short rib (Talk about melt in your mouth)  Red Velvet Bread Pudding (I will go back just for this anytime I am near the Quarter)I can't wait to go back to Tanzy for a full meal but I don't know how I will be able to top this evening of amazing food.  I was very surprised to hear they have been open for 2 years as I was really blown away with their food and service.  Thanks again to everyone who helped put together this amazing event what a great way to end 2012.
I went to sears today to check on a layaway that I placed online but was going to pickup here. Margaret; the associate couldn't find me in her system so she personally called the sears.com help line to find out what was happening. She was friendly; professional; and extremely helpful in solving my problem. I went home a happy customer and am very thankful to Margaret for her help!
Great food. Service consistently blows. Sit at the bar and you will be fine.
Visiting from California; and refusing to drink Starbucks because I'm a complete Coffee DB. When traveling; I try to find the local coffee gem in the barrage of coffee houses.This place is great; just how I like it.  Smug employees / clientele; and fantastic coffee.  Better than Bluebottle; not as good as FourBarrel.  For those of you know what I just said; I raise my cup from my saucer in your general direction :) .The edibles looked amazing; but was a little disappointed with the chocolate and cinnamon donuts I picked up for my family to try.  I ordered a double cappuccino; as it's my go to; did not sweeten it as it was easily enjoyed by itself.Love seeing these small companies roast their own beans on site.  Love the fact they are taking great care with the roasting process.  Thank you for not burning the bean and making my beverage it so enjoyable.Kind regards to the Lux team; I will certainly visit you tomorrow; provided you're open on New Year's day :)Yum!
We stayed at the Sheraton downtown and Matt's was a short walk.  Definitely worth the walk; and it helped to justify eating such a large breakfast.  There is probably something there that is not very good; but we did not find it.  When you get there; make sure you check in with the person running the register
Get to the airport early and relax with a nice drink and some tasty food at Chelsea's Kitchen @ Sky Harbor Airport. Good beer selection.Tasty appetizers.Wait staff is friendly.
I work in fine dining; and this place would have failed any shoppers report. The server never introduced himself and was negligent in attention to us. The food portions were so small I was very disappointed that they charged so much.Management was scared and hesitant to check in on us and primary paced the restaurant dreading any social interaction. My biggest concern and reason I am bothering to write this review is the PORTION SIZE. And perhaps it was just what we had ordered; but the Hamachi was barely more than two bites and the Dinosaur salad was just cheesy large kale pieces. Drinks were tasty. If ever I go back; it will be for their bar ONLY.
Cannot rate their technical service because they NEVER SHOWED UP or CALLED TO RESCHEDULE.  I made a service call appointment with Flores Air and received a time of around noon and we will call in advance.  I received a call at 11 and they said they were in the area and could be there in about 45 minutes.  After a no-show; I called them around 1 and the man said they were stuck at a job and would not make it.  I rescheduled with them for two days later.  They said they could get there around 3.  No call that day and I have not seen them.  Today is another day and still no call from them.  I will not be calling them back again to schedule another NO-SHOW.  Customer service is non-existent
Quality sushi; fun ambiance; and the chefs there are a blast to talk with. Definitely worth a visit.
Great portion size; affordable; fresh; locally owned and no B.S. My girlfriend and I had just moved to the area and were looking for somewhere to grab a quick bite. We asked Siri and the the Full Belly Deli appeared on our phone. Tucked away off the side of the road; with no real noticeable features on the exterior we pulled in and I proceeded to have one of the best lunch experiences I have had in awhile. The prices are right; the ingredients are real and actually TASTE that way; and a grown man can get a 6 inch sub and actually feel full off of it rather than feeling like you you ate was a mouth-full of bread. Everything was great; simple and easy & I would definitely recommend them to anyone in the area.
I had the Taco Salad for lunch.  It was spicy which made up for any shortcuts from a short order kitchen.  Very friendly folks.  I bet they are a perfect place for breakfast a simple country breakfast.  Prices are really cheap!  Cheaper than fast food!
Excellent food; great prices. Definitely check it out.
Let me first say if I could have given 0 stars I would have.My wife and I went to this place and were EXTREMELY disappointed. We had gone to a different Pancho's many years ago and were hoping it would be like that. The choices were very very limited and basic. There are so many amazing Mexican dishes yet my only choices were a tamale;taco and some horrible tasting enchiladas. How does a Mexican food place not offer burritos...have you guys heard of a bean burrito? Its pretty popular and would be a good choice to offer.The only food here that is worth eating is the baby churros and the Sopapillas; which actually were good. Unfortunately I didn't go to this place to pay $20 so my wife and I can eat Sopapillas. Please listen to my advice when I tell you to avoid this place. Take your money to taco bell and get a lot better Mexican food at a fraction of the cost.
As much of a sweet tooth that i have (dark decadent chocolate is my weakness)..Toffee was never my thing ;never on my mind ..And then i sampled Goodytwo's toffee ..wowzer !Sweet and salty toffee is regoddamndiculously good ..seriously good !They have a toffee topped popcorn ..these gals are killing me ..oh ;oh the twozels sinfully delish magical pretzel mix with kettle corn ;nuts and chocolate .Listen ;you can't put a price on happiness ;ha ha Everyone i love is getting their stockings stuffed with a box of salty-sweet love from Goodytwo's.Nothing more delicious or sexy ;ya sexy then a salty sweet combo ..it is a heavenly pairing ..Goodytwo's has perfected this;worth every penny !Rock on ladies !
Doesn't get better than this; the guys at the Chandler Mall location do it right; every time!
Great place for all your favorite kinds of Asian food.  Wonderful service...it's a big place and they were busy; but since someone in our group was in a hurry to get to a flight they still managed to hurry things along.  Overall good food and huge portions.  The Happy Hour specials are great; too; so be sure to come during that time.
$8.17 poorer after getting two dry cupcakes with hard frosting. Not sure if this is because I had refrigerated them for a short while until I finished my dinner; but I don't think frosting should make an audible; snapping sound when I sink my teeth into a cupcake. The quality of my cupcakes was comparable to baked goods purchased at regular grocery stores. Very disappointed. I wish the cupcakes reflected the charm and appeal of the storefront and its employees - the young lady behind the counter was very nice and helpful.
Before a Suns game recently; my Family and I stopped into Blue Hound for some drinks and appetizers.  We attempted to go to Arrogant Butcher (been there many times); but it was packed.  Having heard good things from another family member; we decided to give Blue Hound a try; and I'm glad we did.  The inside decor is trendy and simple.  We sat at the couch by the door (since that was what was available) and were quite comfortable - except for the occasional draft from the door.  Our waitress was ok; she wasn't entirely too friendly; but she took care of our needs.As for the food; we ordered pretty much all the appetizers.  The biggest highlight was the scones with bacon jam.  In fact; it was so good; it's inspired me to make these two things at home to see if I can replicate it.  We also had the popcorn; which was good and the sliders; which were alright.  The pizza with duck was great (could have been crisper) as was the other items we had.Based on the previous reviews it seems this place; being new; might be hit or miss.  I'd say give it a try if you're in the area... why not?  Trust me; it's worth a visit for the cheddar scallion scones with bacon jam!
Decided to roll the dice on a Saturday night and try this place everyone's been raving about. Despite showing up at prime time to a packed house we got a table relatively quickly. The food was delicious and came out promptly. I didn't any problems with the wait staff like others have expressed. The presentation was a little more than expected without feeling pretentious or like I had to keep my elbows off the table; not that I'm a slob.Didn't get a chance to make it upstairs but the main dining and bar areas were well-lit but still cozy and had a simple; modern feel.Good place for a date or toss back a few cold ones with your crew. St. Francis is definitely on my list now.
No rake; no annual membership or fees.  Just a fun home game in a strip mall minutes from my parents' house.  They have 1-2 and 2-3 NL games and the min buy is $40; max is $500. Everyone is friendly and they offered us snacks and drinks while we played.  Since there isn't a rake or fee; don't be cheap (like one guy there) and tip the dealer generously.
Asi-Asi ;Menza-Menza;Comme ci Comme ca...you get the jist .So -so ..(a solid so-so ).He liked the taco's ;i liked the steak salad ( it had a nice little kick to it) Service was good.The atmosphere just wasn't my cup of tea ;that said ;i can see why some people like it here .Drinks were solid;menu was decent .Good place to get hammered ;I suppose.I had a Pinneapple mind eraser that was ......
New N. Scottsdale location; Baaaaaaad!  The were 10 staff members milling around and there was no manager on sight.  $10.00 for a mediocre burger; with an uncooked; tasteless bun not large enough to encompass all the arugula.  They forgot the sauce; which apparently is the main ingredient.  The upgrades are ridiculous.  $1.00 here for cheese on an already well priced burger (btw Flemings blue cheese/bacon burger $6; best in town); $5;00 here for fries.  C'mon.  And; it's the same two hispanic guys; who don't have any idea about chef inspired food; cooking in the kitchen as every other restaurant; there is no chef For the price; you want to see the chef/owner representing; especially at a new location; and; you want competent staff who treats you as #1; and not their conversing with the other staff members as #1; and you want to enjoy what is supposed to be one of the best burgers in town!  What a disappointment.  The lack of top down management care and supervision carries through in all elements of the poor experience.  Take a pass.
Nobody likes going to the auto body shop..period! These guys took a negative situation and absolutely turned it around. They immediately made me feel at home from the moment I approached the front desk; all the way up to the ownership of the shop. It was a professional experience with a family friendly approach. The work they completed on the rear bumper of my car was excellent. I HIGHLY recommend Impact AB for your AB repair needs.Tom Butka was a pleasure to work with. Thanks Impact AB for everything!
The restaurant itself is not fancy and does not have an amazing atmosphere; but I really love the food here. I've eaten in the restaurant a few times and frequently get takeout. I love the Gobi Manchurian; Vegetable Vindaloo; and Special Vegetable Curry. I also like the weekend buffet - it's a great way to try several different things. Delicious!
Oh my... Delicious! Lunch plans with the girls led us to Windsor on a lovely Sunday afternoon. I had the crab cake BLT ... Crab cakes; yum... add bacon? Amazing!  You have your choice of sides and I had Jo's Church Potatoes. This was a really yummy potato casserole.  I was wickedly full and incredibly satisfied leaving Windsor (didn't stop me from getting ice cream next door; but that's another review.)  And like their parent establishments; they have happy hour every day until 5pm. Woohoo!  I highly recommend this for a CenPho lunch or happy hour. Yummmeee!!
We had a mixed experience at Happy Hour (HH) and dinner.  Quick summary follows.  Hits:+ Food was tasty.+ Ambiance was nice.Misses:- Waitress was never able to bring the last call round of HH she offered.  No explanation or apology.  - Asked if I minded anchovies on my salad.  I said no; but didn't realize there would be an upcharge until the final bill came.- While in the bathroom; observed one of the staff go straight from the stall (not the urinal) to the Kitchen.  No hand-washing; not even a pause by the sink.  ¡Buen apetito!
It appears that the service kinks have been worked out as our server was very attentive and the food came out quickly. Guacamole was tasty and fun and tacos were innovative and delicious. I don't want to argue the point of whether Barrio Queen aspires to be authentic street food or Mexican fusion; consensus at our table was that it's a bit of both and the experience was so pleasant that honestly we don't care and we will return soon.  Of note; automatic chips and salsa at the beginning of the meal would be a nice touch and more opportunities to add serious heat (habanero; serrano; jalapeno) would have been a wonderful adjunct.
Truly a neighborhood bar. Didn't know anyone here; and didn't leave without catching  everyone's name. Maybe not as wide of a beverage selection as the pizzeria-turned-bar in the same lot; but definitely lots more fun. Will return.
I'm giving this 4 stars for the grande margarita.  OMG; it was tasty.  It is not cheap at $8.50 but it is soo good.  One of the better margs I have had in a long time.  It ranks up there in the top 5.Wasn't real busy when we went here and I haven't been to this particular location.  I decided on the taco plate.  My only complaint was that the machaca was a little salty IMO and I like salt.  The beans and rice were just ok nothing special.
If they werent located around the corner; I would never use this store.  I have taken back produce MULTIPLE times due to expiration so watch the dates when buying!!
Excellent family owned business that knows how to make real Italian dishes!  Their prices are a little on the high side but you get plenty and it's good.  We had enough left over for next day's lunch. The waiter was nice and attentive even though it started to get packed at around 7ish. They even gave us free Amaretto drinks after dinner! :)  Going back for another romantic dinner soon.
Friendly service but food was just ok. Maybe an off night.
I stayed at the hotel and I tried Tuscany and it was really good.  Delicious Scallops and pasta.  Also the pizza was excellent.  The server was great and I would return to this restaurant when I visit the hotel again.
My husband and I have eaten Chinese food all over Phoenix; and hands down; Big Wa has been the best.  The BBQ pork with fresh spicy mustard is A-Mazing!!  We have ordered about 6 different dishes from here; sometimes totally blind and the food is always great!
Great deals! Awesome for seasonal wear; books and toys.
Just tried the Thai House and loved it! I give this place four stars because there is no other place that I have found in Mesa with great tasting Thai food. I had the Pad Thai with Tofu and my mom had the Pad Thai with chicken. Their servings are huge; we should have shared. They ask you how spicy you want your food. I asked for a four and it was perfect; not really hot.  The appetizers are also really good. Tried the spring rolls and satay chicken w/ peanut sauce. Both were really good! I have probably had better spring rolls but not in Mesa!  There is very little sitting space and tables are really close together. Something like 5 tables and a few seats at the bar. The people are really nice and friendly. Good fast service. It would be great for take out orders as well.
I HATE dentist. Absolutely hate hate them. I had been avoiding the dentist for over 10 years and finally after a bit of tooth pain; my husband talked me into seeing his family dentist.Right from the get-go I let them know I had a fear of dentist and they reassured me everything was going to be fine. Took my teeth xrays; took an examination my mouth; and found a small cavity. Oh the joys.They cleaned my teeth (I really wish I could remember her name; shes the one with cats and dog pictures on her ceiling- really  fun to look at during a cleaning) and suggested that I come back for an additional cleaning since I had so much crud from 10 years of plaque buildup. That's fine; I liked the teeth cleaning lady so I looked forward to it. She also suggested that I invest in an electric toothbrush since I'm honest that I don't floss unless I have steak in my teeth.  They also set up my appointment for the filling. Dentist told me that I could get laughing gas if I wanted and that he suggested I bring in my headphones to listen to music since the drill noise freaks me out. Perfect suggestions.I didn't end up needing the laughing gas because they made me feel so comfortable. I've had 3 teeth cleanings since and went in today to get impressions taken for whitening trays (my Christmas wish from my husband). I'm so glad I found this professional; friendly dentist office. Walking through that office door has become anxiety free.
I just moved to AZ from Honolulu with my bf and found this to be a great breakfast / brunch place. They do close at 2:30pm.On my last visit; I ordered the amazing 2 for you! You get the choice of a half sandwich & either soup or salad for $7.95...WHAT A DEAL!! I ordered the  Monterey Club & the No. 5 Chinese salad. What an amazingly refreshing lunch! I highly recommend this day cafe; this may not be the best review; but if you stop by the line may sway you:)
Really great food and service; and it worked out just fine for my two kids; ages 7 and 10. (Meatball pizza was a hit for the younger one; the older one shared sausage pizza and mussels.) The food came very quickly. We had all small plates and pizza; not entrees: kale chips; fried chickpeas; peppers; mozzarella salad. Dessert was great. The mousse was first rate; and the parsnip creme brulée was delicious (though we couldn't taste any parsnip; it just tasted like excellent; flavorful creme brulée). One of the best meals we had in Arizona. And we also really liked the decor. Simple; elegant; and also fun/creative. Not sure why anyone would ding them for that. Also; the portion sizes were just fine. We all left full but not feeling gross. We're from MA; and were unaware of the chef's celebrity. I wonder if some of the griping here is just celebrity bashing; or a reaction against some sort of hype? I'm outside that loop; but it just struck us as an excellent and fun place with great food and no pretension. Just thorough competence. Note: It's a nice walk from the Arizona Biltmore Hotel. Under 2 miles.
Way overpriced. Wide selection. Good to browse; not to buy. Check out your local mexican market.
We went here after the Rainbow Festival and it was such a great place! The food was great; the service was awesome and the patio is a great place to enjoy your meal! Bliss has made it to my list of places to eat downtown!
Love coming here to watch football. Every game is on and they have three huge screens. The service there is usually friendly; I've never had any problems but sometimes my friend thinks the ladies are a little rude. Never esteem here but the drinks are pretty strong. When I'm in Phoenix I come here for sports.
Decided to give this place a chance and was quite delighted. I am vegan and that's an issue sometimes. I tried the vegetable chow mein(medium spicy) and I love it. I get extra broccoli and there is so much flavor in the veggies and noodles. My husband has tried the General Tso's chicken; The BBQ pork chow mein; the mu shu pork and the garlic chicken and he loved them all. The great thing is that this is a family run business and it shows in the food. I highly recommend at least trying this place. it's reasonably priced and there are great lunch specials during the week.
The first time you walk into Garden Ridge there is a feeling of Alice and Wonderland.  I do not have a clue how much time it took to stock all of the merchandise.  Do not expect to get an amazing deal on items unless they are on clearance; but it is fun to just walk around.
I ordered biz cards from here thinking the total was going to be $140.  When I was called to be asked for approval for a $40 art fee; thought I should double check with them again what my total would be.  They told me $240.  I cancelled the order.  I ordered some simple 1/4 page cards to be cut by them for $2.00 cut fee and .25¢ per page copy @ 50 copies.  when I went to pick up the order I was expecting to pay about $15 total.  They told me I owed them $40.  I will never set foot in this OfficeMax again.  I thought I would get service like I got in the Minneapolis OfficeMax which was always great.  What rude experience this has been for me in Scottsdale.
First of all this ranch is off the beaten path near Cave Creek and Carefree; and when I say off the path I mean dirt/rocky road; so be careful if you are driving a smaller vehicle.  We were there on a morning after a monsoon and I was glad I drove a Jeep; there were quite a few washes flooding the rocky road.  It is a little difficult to figure out where you need to be going; but just drive to the end of the road and look for the ranch that looks more like a ghost town (see pictures).We ended up not being able to go horseback riding due to flooded trails but the terrain looked beautiful and he offered to let us go on the longer ride for the same price a few hours later to make up for the cancellation.  While you are at the 'homestead' be sure to look for the BIG pig named Gilbert.  He was under the porch while were standing on it and I thought I was hearing a javelina snorting; but the gentleman let me know it was just Gilbert HAhaha!  Everyone here seems very excited about what they do and it is quite beautiful up there.  If you want to introduce somebody to the Sonoran desert with saguaros and sunshine; this is a great way to do it.
I flew into the Phoenix airport on a Southwest flight. I had a connecting flight in another terminal but it was so frustrating to get to in this weird airport. Don't get me wrong; it's modern and very beautiful. There are gorgeous views of the red rocks and mountains of Phoenix. But all that beauty is overshadowed by the poorly organized airport. All of the information boards only provided flight information for that terminal. Which is great if you're staying in one terminal but when you have a connecting flight or you're switching carriers then it's really frustrating. There should be more information available. Also; there was no way for me to find a way to another terminal. There are no information booths and if there was then it was well hidden from me. I finally asked a TSA security guy if he could help me find my flight. He told me I'd have to take a shuttle to another terminal. I was surprised that in 2012 this airport that seems so modern did not have a train that connected all of the terminals. My surprise quickly turned to anger because if you are switching terminals then you must go through security again! I had purchased jam at the airport and presented my receipt showing that it was a purchase within the airport but it was still confiscated. Dumb.Phoenix; please embrace all parts of modernity and build a freaking tram between terminals.
My favorite place for mexican food! i'm here at least once a week. There might be only be a handful of places that have better mexican food but dollar for dollar this place is by far the best!!
What a great dinner spot! We had several apps including the tenderloin toast &  meatballs - both were excellent. I then had the Rokerij steak; Awesome!! I'll be back for sure!
I eat lunch here 3-4 times a month. The prices for their lunch specials are fantastic. I usually get a chicken teriyaki bowl; along with a sushi roll; and the total is about $7. I've had a variety of their sushi; and it's all been great.
They do great work here. Maybe pricey but they pay attention and guarantee there services. Most of the staff I believe are Registered nurses.. and they keep the integrity of your skin by being inquisitive and professional! I have had services for the past year here and love the staff; location; and result. I agree it is pricey though..They are on a whole nether level of professional! They are like a medical laser hair removal clinic -THAT IS ALL they do; so they  make sure they are damn good at it!! Just make sure and book your apt before you leave each time!
christmas night.....and thank goodness they were open. we orphans were done with holiday drinking and celebrating and not wanting to cook; we perused Yelp for thai places open on this wildly popular holiday and Thai Elephant arrived!i ordered the Pad Se Yew with tofu. it was as expected....deeeelicious. i love the flat rice noodles and egg. they were just the right amount of texture and the tofu was very nicely cooked. the wife had one of the fish dishes at a Level 4 spiciness....hot damn! literally! my boca was en fuego! but it was delicious with the cruncy beans and mushrooms. we also had the masaman curry (also very hot but superbly rich and creamy) and a sweet potato appetizer. 41 bucks for all 4 plates. delicious and fast.
Can't complain ... great service; great cheesecake; decent food.
It was Christmas night and my wife went out for our annual movie night.  This place was open so we grabbed a cocktail or seven and enjoyed all the other people celebrating their own post family Christmas.  The food was good and the drinks were poured well.  Staff was very friendly in-spite of working Christmas; everyone seemed to be in a good mood.
this is probably 1 of the best Chinese restaurants in the valley it's definitely authentic dim sum. They also a lot of fresh seafood in live tanks.  I have been there 3 times for the dim sum and it has been excellent every time.  I want to order an entree off the menu as it looks very good also.  Only 1 complaint last time.  the duck was cold and a bit too salty.  I still have to give the food 5 stars.
This place is STUPID and the epitome of 'Snotsdale'.  You could get better customer service from a 10 cent hooker.  If your idea of fun is standing in a back alley next to a dumpster and being treated rudely by a douche bag bouncer who looks like he is from Oklahoma; then definitely come check out Citizen R+D.  Also; the only reason we came to Citizen R+D is we met the bartender at Citizen Public house the evening before and he talked it up as an amazing experience to my girlfriend; visiting from Chicago on a business trip ...Well; it wasn't.  We called in at 9:02pm with a party of 3.  There was a group waiting in front of us so we knew we would have to wait a bit.  The man on the phone said it would be about 15minutes.  So; we stood in the alley next to the dumpster and chitchatted about girlie stuff.  20minutes later; 2 fine gentleman walked down the stairs and we thanked them for leaving; so we could have a table.  They responded; If we had known you were out here we would have invited you to our table...darn.  We continued to wait and 2 more large parties left....hmmm; why are we still in this alley? So; at 9:36 I called again.  I said we are the party of 3 and wondering if there was a table; he said they are cleaning the tables.  I asked if we should go to Citizen Public house for a drink instead if they needed time; since it was cold that night.  He responded; I don't care what you do.  WHAT!?  SNAP; Lisa got bitchy! The only reason I am standing in this stupid alley is because the bartender told us to come tonight because he thought my friend from Chicago would enjoy the crafty cocktails.  All of a sudden there is another voice on the phone.  It was the bartender.  He said it would be five minutes while they clear the tables.  I said okay and hung up.  My friend was pissed; and she is impatient anyway; and wanted to go immediately... we waited till 9:47 and nobody came to let us in.  3 other groups had come up behind us and my friend told them they should go somewhere else.  We told them to go to Mable's on Main where you can go have an amazing cocktail in 'speak-easy-ish atmosphere' with great service and no wait for half the price.  In the end; I was embarassed I even took my friend there; she was supremely annoyed.  We stood outside in an alley for 45 minutes; in the cold; and ended up talking 10 people into going to another bar.  We found great drinks; for half the price; and better service at another joint.  The reasons it gets 2 stars and not 1 is the bartender who we met the night before at Citizen Public house is a good bartender and I have been here before on my birthday and we had a good time; but the drinks are expensive and they add an automatic 20% gratuity which is also stupid.  I don't foresee this place lasting long because the customer service is really horrible; and you really only need to experience a 'unique' place like this once.  Not to mention the prices are ridiculous for a cocktail that you have to wait 20minutes for it's assembly.  Now that I think about it; you really do just spend a lot of time waiting.  Also; you owner idiots; if you are going to make people wait outside while you have open tables; you should probably have a different exit than your entrance.  I had such a bad experience I think I have boycotted Citizen Public House as well... what a shame.
A chain restaurant that did not quite have all the ingredients to be a success.  I'm not a fan of the phony chain feel and this place is a good example.  I am not sure if it was previously a TGIF or Applebee's but it has that feel.  I had the fish and chips.  Not bad.  Staff friendly and eager to have you join their loyalty club.  I think they should figure out what they are and do something really well - like smoked wings a instead of fried?  No one is making good wings.
Great food; slow to get seated but food came fast.  Ask for a half portion of the cheesecake French toast.  You will be glad you did.
Cool decor & great mixologist who loved his job. Bottle beer was warm. That dropped 2 stars right there (Dear bar management; always get this one thing right...COLD beer). Mojito was excellent. Bartender created a watermelon drink for me that was really tasty. The place was empty so that detracted from the fun I was anticipating. Overall they could do a lot more with this place than they have as far as menu goes.
After hearing everyone speak so highly of Wildflower on a recent trip to Scottsdale; I was excited to give this place a go. A group of six of us dined here for a quick breakfast before heading to a meeting.I ordered a Wildflower Cappuccino and the two-egg breakfast. The cappuccino was not memorable and the food was decent; nothing that myself or any of my dining companions felt was extraordinary. I would love to give this place another go; perhaps try their lunch selection in hopes of more variety and creativity in their food offering.The pros were the service was very quick and our group was able to secure a large table in a semi-cornered area for business talk before our meeting. We definitely appreciated the privacy and the great service is always a plus!
Terrible.  Burger patties tasted like they were microwaved.  Hot dog was rubber.  Never again will I go here.
Great food...even better atmosphere!
Awesome experience here. Went in for a low beam bulb replacement after another Phoenix Jiffy Lube turned me away for not having the tool needed to open housing where the bulb was. Determined I stopped by this location and the manager changed the bulb in no time flat and did it for free! I was beyond thankful. Great service and an honest staff. Will definitely return.
Love Joe's Farm Grill!  The food is tasty; service is great and the environment is fun. We usually sit on the back patio. It has heaters in the winter and misters in the summer. And it has easy access to the drinks and condiments. On the day of your Birthday you get $10 off your meal; just show your ID. My favorites are the veggie pizza and fontina grilled cheese.
It is pretty cool that I have a awesome coffee shop right by my house.  I was so happy that my friend brought me here.  The price is right and it is way better then Starbucks. :)  They have a great variety of coffee and teas.   Wish I could give them 10 star rating.
Love the little old man and the orange chicken!
The name alone just begs one to try it out. Once inside you are greeted by some of the nicest people who ever existed. The meals are ram a lama delicious and the location is not too far from a hookah bar. The Swedish meatballs are a must but everything on that menu wants to be devoured.  Great place; good food. I recommend taking friends. Because eating alone makes you feel off. Well; it makes me feel off.
Yay! I am so happy America's Taco Shop has finally opened in Old Town! There are no good Mexican spots nearby; so this is really a treat. This is an order at the counter style restaurant; so it's nothing fancy; but they have a great patio and solid food.  Their guacamole is made fresh; and the Vegetarian bean and cheese burrito is excellent. Did I mention they have some of the best tortillas around? Oh; and the patio appears to be dog friendly too!!
I give 5* because overall is great. I disliked potato Bacon with garlic though.  There is some sweet & weird spices in it. I believe next time will be better :). I would love to come back!* Italian creamy dressing is good!
This upstairs patio is 3 stars and the dining room is 5 stars. Service on the upstairs patio is slow; but the view was nice. In addition; I didn't get a refill on my coffee due to I'm guessing the distance the server would have had to go to get it for me. The Grilled cheese and tomato soup was above par. The wedge salad was delicious; the pizza also delicious. I haven't had drinks here yet; but I'm sure they're fine. Service inside the dining room was considerably better than the upstairs patio.
This stuff will change your life...It's so much more then juice and it starts with the love and care of the owners. Their commitment to your wellness and understanding of how what you ingest changes your energy and your health makes Kaleidoscope Juice not to be missed! If you are looking for a kick start in the form of a cleanse or just looking to make healthy care a part of your day to day; the owners can guide you towards a program that will help you feel vibrant; energized and excited about what you are eating.. or in this case drinking. All the juices are cold pressed and totally fresh made with all organic ingredients so you can rest assured you are giving your cells the best stuff on the planet.. and trust me you will FEEL the difference. You can also pick up some amazing salads made with the same love and care like my favorite; the kale quinoa. Kaleidoscope is a true testiment to what a fresh; conscious; local experience can be - catered to inhance your personal well being and guaranteed to put a little extra bounce in your step. Don't miss out.. this stuff will change your life!
This place needs better signage.  The only reason I found out about it is because my neighbor told me about it and I'm in this little strip mall at least twice a week.  To think that I could have been eating here; but haven't because I didn't know about it; for the past year makes me a little sad.The food so far has been very good.  No skimping on flavor going on. The green chili pork stew is wonderful.  The carne asada tacos pop with flavor.  The salsa bar is a great touch.  I can't wait to try the pozole this weekend.
Being a New England native I can assure you that this gal gives an accurate representation of some our our beloved seafood dishes (right down to the price).But if you think about it ; her prices are pretty good for the amount of lobster you get in a roll (i.e. you get what you pay for).My mother and I were so excited to see that The Maine Lobster Lady had returned. Its almost unheard of to find a real New England style lobstah roll out here (see Baers Den review); and shes got it; right down to the New England style roll (unavailable in AZ). Our rolls were both toasted to perfection and housed all of those beautiful pieces of lobster perfectly. I enjoyed mine w/ the lemon aioli; a gourmet take on the usual squeeze of lemon and a little bit of mayo; while my Ma enjoyed hers plain. We also ordered the blueberry lemonade; which was a bit too sour for my taste; but still blueberry-rific.Were so excited to go back tonight and get some full bellied clams (a MA delicacy that in 20 years we havent found anything close to down here) and some lobster mac and cheese.Thank you Maine Lobster Lady for bringing a true taste of home out west even if it is for only a couple months a year.
When you come here; the best thing you can do is order a plate of tacos; more tacos then you can comfortably eat (but you'll eat all of them; damn it) and build a fortress with the salsa cups.  There are so many different kinds of salsa here.  Just keep going back until you have a cup of each different kind and stack them so you create a barrier and no one can see you stuff your face with that delicious food.Don't be afraid to wipe with your sleeve; because no one will see you.... the wall of cups of salsa will be blocking you.  Eh?  See; I think ahead.
When the Gelato is actually made and served by a real Italian; it just tastes better.  This stuff is the real deal. I would say that when I go there I feel that I'm transported to Venice and that I'm eating the Gelato in the home country; but that would be an exaggeration.  It's still darn good even though I'm stuck in Scottsdale.  Ciao.
WOW; if you are hungry this is the place to come; excellent service as well as food; the chicken fried steak dinner will feed two very easily... Everything is texas size !!!
The Tofu Soup is amazing.. that alone carries this restaurant to the four stars.  If you love food as much as i do; it will help you overlook the extremely overbearing AC vents that sometimes pound down upon you all year long; or the service that is catered towards the more ethnic (cough korean cough) patrons.  example : i walked in with my party; and they told me to wait because they have to clean some tables; a group of ethnic individuals walked in.. waited behind us for a little bit; then walked over and spoke in korean to the other staff member and were sat down before us.  so yeah.. i was upset but did not mind after i had the taste of their yummy soup again.
Excellent food; prices; service; atmosphere and happy hour!! Hard to beat this place; really!
Outstanding!I'm from Montana and was in town for a company Christmas party.  Of course we needed wine!My co-worker needed to go to Best Buy for some wireless equipment and Total Wine was right next door so in I went.At first I was completely overwhelmed.  Towers and rows of wine divided by type; country; and everything else.I thought to myself; Self; you're never going to find your wine here.  I was wrong.The store is set up very intuitively.  I walked in; stopped and absorbed the massive inventory.  Then I turned left and three rows down located the 1.5L section.  I spotted my wine; proceeded to check out and was back in the car waiting on my co-worker.Less than 10 minutes; in; out; and paid for.Excellent!!
Ordered chicken club; lots of avocado which I loved. Husband ordered double burger; he liked it but didn't rave about it. Fries were so/so. His golden and crunchy; mine limp and kinda soggy- I'll give it another shot before deciding if I like this place or not.
Mimi's not sure if you have been listening...  On another trip to Mimi's (had a coupon) decided to try it again...  New Years Day...it was busy- we decided to sit outside- no wait.  We were waited by the manager Aaron as they were so busy and unfortunately some of their staff called in sick...  anyway...  he was extremely attentive and more importantly the food was prepared exactly correctly.Good job Mimi's! and Aaron!!!
Better than expected....will come back.
Always great!!
This is a store like none other. My favorite!
I have been frequenting this place for years. Great chinese food. The food is always better if you go for dinner. Dining in is waaay better than take out and lunch time. For dinner they bring out fresh fried wontons and for dessert you get fried banana wontons and fortune cookies. Brings back childhood memories :)We always order the golden gate fish which is fried pieces of fish in a sweet sauce with toasted walnuts. It's very good; better than the shrimp version. The szechuan chicken is really good too. If you like it spicy make sure you specify that when you order. I always need chilli oil on the side. But the food is very good; I keep going back. Service can be slow; so if you get a hold of the waitress tell her everything you want at once; cuz you don't know when she will be back :P But the staff is very friendly.
We sat at the piano bar. My date ordered a 2010 Mirassou Pinot Noir. $6.75. This Monterey County wine has flavors of cherry; strawberry; red currant notes and is well balanced. I drank Bombay Shapphire martinis; three olives. $10.50; I love this gin's predominant juniper berry flavour.Sipped an amazing lobster bisque and a luscious butternut squash soup. $6 each. Also enjoyed a spicy Chipotle Shrimp Flatbread with grilled pineapple; Feta cheese and roasted poblano peppers.$10. Finished with their mini indulgences; chocolate peanut butter mousse and a pumpkin pie mini with double gingersnap crust. $2.50 each.The restaurant concept delivers a sophisticated; masculine and casual atmosphere. The seasonal menu offers fresh ingredients and can deliver lower-calorie option. JJ Jones at the piano was a pleasure to listen to and chat with.
I grew up on Los Dos Molinos: hot and spicy Mexican food with distinctly southwestern flavors. It's one of my go-to; tippy top stops for Mexican food in the Valley.But nothing beats bringing your parents and boyfriend here when y'all visit Arizona for the first time together; and watching with horror as sweat beads near his temples from the salsa alone.Is it all going to be like this? he'll ask.Yeah; you'll say; as you hand him a delicious margarita; knowing all will be sweaty and well.
I love all Fox Concepts restaurants and True Foods was all I hoped for and more.  Fresh delicious foods and great service. Love the concept and atmosphere.
I was in town for five days staying at a resort down the street; so this was the fitness option.  I have belonged to 24-Hour Fitness in Kansas City before; so I kind of knew what to expect.  I will start with the positive.  The staff is wonderful!  They are professional; friendly; and helpful.  The selection of cardio and weight equipment is also outstanding.  Oh.  Wait.  Almost every single piece of cardio equipment I attempted to use (treadmills and elipticals) was malfunctioning in one way or another.  Audio for tv was messed up; incline selector didn't work; workout selectors didn't work; etc.  This is not an exaggeration. . .on Saturday evening; I got on six treadmills before I found one with a working incline selector and tv audio doohickey.  As I ran; I saw SIX out of order signs on cardio equipment.  No signs were on all the treadmills I tried.  The outstanding selection is not so great when the majority of the machines need maintenance of some kind.  I would have a huge problem with this if I were a member.  Overall; though; I was able to get a decent workout in every visit (5) ; so I will keep it in perspective.  They also have a decent lap pool.
Takamatsu in Chandler is overall way better than this phoenix location. This location charges $1.25 for extra rice & a $1.00 per extra side dish. I came in with a party of 6 and of course we ran out of several side dishes since the serving size was equivalent to what they serve a party of 2.  The service was also incredibly sloooow. I will not be returning to this location.
Yupha Thai is definitely a yuppy in terms of being a great spot to go to.  There are not too many places to eat near ASU Research Park; which is right off the 101 and Elliot.  Yupha is about a couple miles west on Elliot off the 101 freeway.  I entered in and saw the special of the day; which was a pumpkin dish with whatever meat or tofu.  Most Thai dishes are known to be pretty spicy; and I was curious to try something more on the sweeter end.  It was still right after Thanksgiving; and it was an appropriate time to try a festive dish.While I was waiting; they offered us a soup and salad bar to get something to appease us for a few minutes.  This is the first time I have ever seen this; which is the main reason this rating goes from a 4 to a 5 star.  The pumpkin dish was really good!  The thai spices to go along with the sweetness was the ultimate complement.  All of my friends loved their meals too.
We got takeout on Christmas night so I can only vouch for the food and service with our order. Well; the negative was that the person who answered the phone missed out on one of our dishes. Even though she read everything back; when we picked up our order and got home; one was missing. When we called; she said we had picked up our order in it's entirety. Apparently we weren't charged for it; but that only means what we did get was more expensive! Oh well...Aside from that debacle; their food was very tasty. Our group ordered the steamed fish in a spicy garlic soy sauce; tofu pad sew you; masaman curry and sweet potato fritters. Since the food was good I'd give them another try.
I have had a pool for twenty years and had many people service the pool. Gerald; The Pool Stewart is by far the best pool service I have had. He bought the route that contained my pool and since then my pool has always sparkled. His knowledge of the chemistry that keeps a pool clear and sparkling is second to none. He also takes the time to answer any questions I have.  Any mechanical problems that occur are fixed quickly and economically.  Now Gerald has become my trusted pool adviser.  If you have a pool; trust it to Gerald the Pool Stewart. To Quote an old commercial....Try it you'll like it.
The Thai tea is worth the visit by itself..
I ordered the special which was recommended by the waiter and it was great.  My wife had the fish which was very good too but maybe too much lemon.  The atmosphere is great.  It looks like an old school Italian restaurant.  They have a lot of photos of celebrities so I guess famous people like to eat there too.
Every time I have come here the service is impeccable; the food is fresh; delicious and healthy and I LOVE the restaurant decor as well.  Overall it is a very high end quality restaurant with a nice down to earth vibe.  If you appreciate fresh; healthy and delicious food you HAVE to check this place out!
First time I have tried it; and I am a fan.  I love walk up coffee stops; reminds me of big cities i visit.. especially in the cold weather. Anyway; the latte i had was amazing; and the service was even better..  Try it out now.
We had our wedding there in October.  Blackstone Country Club definitely exceeded our expectations.  Emily took over coordinating and was absolutely excellent.  Everything we ever wanted was done; and the staff made our day so special and go so smoothly.  Every staff member was courteous and really went out of the way to make the day beautiful.  The site was amazing and our guests are still raving about the food.  We were a little bummed at first to use onsight bakery; but were definitely very happy with the cake.  Not only was it delicious; but so beautiful.  We could not have asked for anything more; we had a dream wedding.  Highly recommend!!
This location is a bit smaller than the other one; but the food is just as good. The woman at the counter was very friendly and helpful; without being cloying. What can I say? Lots of delicious veggies; natural beverages; and vegan and gluten free options. What's not to love?
Went there specifically for the lamb kabobs that my hubby adores.  Out of lamb; you say? A middle-eastern restaurant called Flaming Kabobs out of lamb?  Out of lamb you say?  Am I to believe that I drove.... miles (I don't want to say how far I drove to get hubby's lamb!)  and you DON'T have lamb?  Yes. I understand now.  You DONT have lamb!  Hubby had to choose beef kabobs (which I could make at home).  Asked for them bloody-----not rare---bloody!  Plentiful kabob dish came out and when he cut into them they were medium; only one or two pieces were rare.  That's two disappointments in one evening.  Hubby; kept silent (he is the strong; silent type) and ate.  He made the best of his over-cooked kabobs; but then again most people eat them medium or medium rare so the cooks were not skilled in preparing kabobs according to HIS palate.  He had a very good salad with it;  some pretty good rice (although I think it is converted rice and not real rice) and plenty of warm pita.  I ordered a small vegetarian appetizer that was delicious and they gave me more than enough pita to clean my plate of the vegetarian delights.  So all in all they had two strikes against them--no lamb and overcooked beef kabobs (I will ignore the converted/minute rice).  That means that I have to deduct two stars from 5 leaving 3.  But as you can see; I gave them 4 stars-- one additional star for the lovely young lady who waited on us.Could you please buy some lamb for your customers?  Thank you.
Yummmm. I am so surprised how amazing these cakes taste. I had one for someone's birthday and I thought it was such a cute idea but that it wouldn't taste great. I must say that I was very wrong. The cakes are so incredibly moist and flavorful. The frosting is the best it is so light with just a hint of cream cheese. All together scrumptious. Not sure how much they cost but they are more than just a unique look (that reminds you of My Big Fat Greek Wedding) but they also are delicious.
Except the usual short wait during the weekend; I have nothing to complain about Crackers & Co.Their California Egg Benny has been my ultimate favorite and the service is quick with reasonable price.
I love everything about this place! The water was very friendly; all the food was of high quality and amazing taste; and the restaurant itself is just awesome! Very trendy and chic. The interior decor is very nicely done and the outdoor terrace is absolutely gorgeous. I highly recommend any of their flatbreads; pastas; or salads. All are great. Same goes to desserts! This place is definitely worth checking out if you're in the Scottsdale area.
Nice!Cheap; fast; great pizza.  $5 will get you a one topping large; and $9 will snag an extra large.  For the price; you can't beat it.  They'll do pizza right; and deliver it to your door in less than an hour.I would call this more of a delivery or pick-up place than anything else.  They have only a few tables; so I wouldn't recommend this as a sit down pizza joint unless things are slow--they fill up very quickly.  The floors and walls are concrete or brick; the table and chairs are spartan.  Never mind the furnishings or the decor.  It's all about the pizza here.  Service is great.
i like this little shop. there was only one young lady working the evening we were there; so it took a little while to get our drinks. the coffee was strong and flavorful. my wife loved her hot white princess tea. what else?
Well; I see tons of reviews with little to no stars; but I've eaten here three times and the food was really good each time! Yes; the ambiance isn't 5-star (with the dusty fake greenery and dated tile throughout; but c'mon - it adds charm)! The last time I went; we got the $5 pita lunch specials. A lot of food for a mere $5. My pita (the caprese) was loaded with chicken and the pita was definitely fresh. With an appetizer the bill came to $18! My only complaint is that it took a long time to get our entrees; but otherwise; I'd recommend going.
I am an Executive Club member for National Rental car. I travel with work alot and also use their cars for some personal business.  I have never had a poor experience until this last Holiday Weekend.  I usually always go to the location at Williams Gateway; but it was busy and the cars were all sold out.  So I went to Phoenix Sky Harbor.  I asked if I could pick up there and return to Mesa Gateway; but becuase Mesa was sold out; I was told they could not arrange it; but to call back during my rental and they will fix it by phone.  The phone support tried to help but again couldn't update the agreement so he connected me direct to Phoenix.  The lady who helped me was very rude and seemed to be very bothered that I was calling. This is not usually customary; but apparently she was upset to be working on new years eve.  National usually treats their customers with great respect and are usually very helpful.  I did not have the Rental Agreement # with me; but had my confirmation.. she literally huffed in my ear; because she would have to look it up a different way. I told her my situation and she went on to say they would charge me a drop fee; but could not tell me what it was. I waited and waited while she tried to figure it out. Meanwhile I am supposed to be on vacation and spent atleast an hour on the phone with her. I told her I was bothered by the fact that I had to be on the phone also... so guess she got the hint about me being dissapointed... but never asked if she could help with anything else; or thanked me for my patients...  I did drop the car at Gateway and they reminded me why I use National. The counter support their is always awesome; and they were very apologetic for the poor service I received. National is a good company.. lots of free rentals and great car choices; so my 2 star rating does not reflect my overall opinion; but that only of Phoenix Sky Harbor.  The other locations in the many states I have rented have all been a 5 to me.
really good pizza!!! Big slices and friendly service too!!!
Phoenix should really take a lot of pride in this library because it's fantastic. I can't say that I've ever been blown away by a library but this place is awesome. Four floors of awesomeness (I admittedly only made it to the first two) but the cd/dvd area made me think of the old Tower Records in Brea; CA which is sadly now gone. But it's really great because beside Best Buy or Target; there is no place to get cds or dvds any more!The pond and fountain in the central atrium really give a calm peaceful feeling. I plan on coming here a lot more to read a book or get some work done. The staff are friendly and helpful too. Really a fantastic place and one of the few examples where I see my tax dollars going to good use. Well done; Phoenix!
Great- Vikki is  Reliable; consistent; and listens. She is so great; I am getting married in April and if we would have taken before and after pictures. What she had done is priceless!! Thank you!!
It's a pretty big airport! Beware if flying in the Summer time; because of delays with the airplanes air-conditioning! I remember; a flight flying to the East Coast before me ended up having a 2-hour delay. The Airline; gave there Customers food while waiting at the airline because of the long delay. Other than that; the Airport has long walk-ways; so you will get plenty of exercise walking! (:
If you like watching movies in an office chair this place is for you. Your other option is a theater seat with a little table on it that's more of a pain then anything it's meant for. We didn't even make it past the previews before we left. Will never go again. We'll just stick with the theater that I Pic from now on.
It is a pretty decent place. They have a nice selection of various asian beers.The Sushi is pretty darn good and I liked the all you can eat options.The waitress is super nice and she told the chef to add less rice to the all you can eat rolls (otherwise they are really rice heavy...).She even recognized us after nearly half a year not being there.I really like that place :)
Always tasty; service is always excellent
The food here was okay; nothing bad; nothing great.  Best thing of the night was the grilled beef tongue.  Thinly sliced and nicely marinated.  The service is a bit on the slow side; but friendly.  I will say that that the prices are high for the portion size.  There were only a few banchan dishes; I'm used to Korean eateries where the banchan covers the entire table.   I live in Southern CA; where there is a plethora of Korean eatery options; so the prices tend to be lower and the quality better.Not a bad option for the area.
Good Peppermint mocha hook up on my way back to San Diego! :)~~~
Best nem nuong cuon in the valley..  sometimes they give a lot a lot of pork sausage but i don't complain; except that it fills me up to where i can't eat my main course =)  The sauce is amazing; definitely a must try if you are in the area.
This was a nice breakfast place; yummy food and friendly staff. We were seated right away and our food was brought out pretty quick. They have a bunch of different kinds of pancakes like chocolate chip; blueberry etc and the special today was carrot cake! It really tasted like it and it was yummy with the syrup. The menu is extensive so you can find pretty much anything you want. The oatmeal was good and so were the eggs and bacon. Solid place! The coffee was kind of expensive though at $2.95 a cup but other than that no complaints.
Yes; this is a chain ... but if its what you are looking for; the prices are pretty decent; the steaks are good; and the staff is attentive.This location - being right off the freeway and in a major shopping center - is always crowded for lunch and dinner. Sitting down for lunch or dinner; you will be presented with a basket of rolls -- stay away -- unless you want a mouthful of bliss! I think I pounded through 4 of these before the appetizer ever makes it to the table. Rolls are unlimited -- so ask for MORE!LOST STAR - I expect my steak and side to come out hot and steamy. Just not the case here on this visit. Even the kids commented on the steak bites being warm... they also like theirs hot. The service did make up for the lack of food prep. The waitress was constantly on top of drinks and tried her best to make the experience better.
I love Chompies. Their food is always good especially the latkes and the breakfast anything. They aren't very good at caramelizing onions but most of the time they get my order right.
What a nice way to watch a movie! Big comfy seats;Waiter service and refillable popcorn! It was great! The food was good. I don't think that I can enjoy a normal theatre again.
I am so happy that this place is in my neighborhood!  My husband and I get take out from here a couple of times a month and it's consistently delicious each time.  AND; the staff is super friendly; which I'm a huge fan of.We always get their dinners that come with soup; rice; spring roll and entree.  If you ask nicely; they will substitute a spring roll for the soup.  It makes me happy :)
Lucky lucky me! And it's nice to have some of my Karma coming back to me! I decided to try out the Longhorn Steakhouse Saturday night.  I thought it was a new location of a different restaurant of a similar name on Southern that had closed; but when I got there I discovered this was a brand new restaurant that hadn't even opened yet. The parking lot was full but when I got the to the front door I was told by the two people holding menus that this was a training night and not open to the public. I made a joke that it was too bad I couldn't be a trainee for the evening and went to leave when  they asked; Is it just you? and I said Yup; just me; so they handed me a menu and said you can go on in and sit in the bar area. The meal will be complimentary and we hope you enjoy your dinner. After I picked my jaw up off the floor I walked in and was seated at the bar by a very nice hostess and an even nicer bartender named Jen came up to me and started explaining that I could order any meal on the menu; that it included either an appetizer or dessert; my choice; and she started describing the drinks to me. I thought the folks in front said drinks were included but I did get charged for the Margarita at the end; but that was okay because it was delicious and what was in the shaker filled the class twice so it was well worth it. I looked over the menu and couldn't believe what I was seeing. So many good choices! I asked if the combinations were included and she said yes; anything on the menu. I was thinking about getting the prime rib but she said they had run out of that because they only made a certain amount and the training had been going on all dayStill not believing my good luck I ordered the Filet and Lobster dinner; which would have been $26.99 any other night. The dinner came with a choice of dinner salad or Caesar; and I chose Caesar; a choice of side dishes and I chose fresh vegetables; and honey wheat bread with butter. The bread was fantastic; the Caesar salad was crisp and fresh.  The steak arrived before the lobster; one of the glitches they were working out in training. I took a bite of the steak which was melt in your mouth tender. I held off on eating more so I could include the lobster in my photo.  See my pictures. The filet had a wonderful grilled flavor and was cooked just right; medium rare. It did have a grisly  place on one side.  The lobster was very moist and juicy with excellent flavor and I savored every bite of both. The vegetables might have been a little overcooked; at least for my taste.  I would've expected them to be a little crisper; but they had good flavor.  I ate all the lobster but had a little piece of steak left over and decided to take my dessert in a to-go box to eat later.   I finished up my Margarita; had a nice conversation with Jen; and even the manager; Anthony; came over to ask if everything was fine.  From him I learned this is the first Longhorn location in Arizona; although they have others that will open soon in the Phoenix area.   San Diego; where I live; is SOL for the time being.   Our loss.Oh; and the Key Lime Pie; which I ate later; was one of the best I ever tasted!Aside from being complimentary; I would have gladly paid the price for this wonderful meal. I hereby give this restaurant the Mother Yelper stamp of approval and hope to get back here soon.  Bon Appetit!Epilogue:  I went back on the official opening day; Tues; Dec. 11th; for lunch; and one other time before I left town.  The food was just as good both times.
Chipotle is good; mostly organic Mexican fast food. I mainly eat here because it is cheap and healthier than most fast food. I usually get the burritos but they have tacos; quesadillas; and bowls. The attraction for me is the delicious meats. The barbacoa here made me fall in love with barbacoa because it is so flavorful. The steak and chicken is great too because they are usually locally raised and without hormones. I don't care for the carnitas (pork) here because it is too dry.  For toppings they have three types of salsa; corn; cheese; sour cream; lettuce; guacamole; white or brown rice; black beans; pinto beans and peppers and onions. The sour cream is way too watery for me and lacks flavor. They have chips; soft drinks and beer. That is pretty much their whole menu; but you tell them what to put on your burrito or bowl or whatever you are getting so you can change it up each visit.  One other downfall is that you don't get your tortillas browned on your burrito like you would at some other places that serve Mexican food. The barbacoa burrito I got tonight was $9.24 after tax because I got guacamole for $1.80 extra.  Overall; Chipotle is decent; but it is up to the customer to be creative and go against the norm if you want something like pollo asada then you would have to tell them to skip the rice and beans and just give you a ton of chicken; the green salsa; and guacamole. If you think like this you can stave off boredom for a while since they don't have some of the other things you would get at other Mexican places like fish or shrimp tacos; mexican rice; refried beans; chimichangas; taquitos; tortas; or tostadas.  Dear Chipotle corporate: If you are listening; I like your concept but more variety would be welcomed with open arms.  I realize that some of the items Chipotle doesn't make are not very healthy (like anything fried) but how easy would it be to make tortas or shrimp tacos?  Just saying...
The menu looks appealing. Getting The Gem red pizza today. Looks like there are14 reds and 7 or 8 white pizzas. The restaurant is small and the staff is very friendly. They have a wood fired stove that the owner works and really do a great pizza.
Yes; this place deserves all the starts. Quality service; quality food and quality atmosphere. When I can walk into a restaurant; sit down and not have to wait long for my food; then I'm impressed.The night I was there it was quite busy but everything ran like a well oiled machine. And it was friendly service to boot.I know Japanese so I was talking to the sushi chefs about the restaurant; etc. As I was eating; they kept pulling out new Yellowtail; since they kept moving through orders. Amazingly fresh!!!They have ALL the important Japanese standards: Ramen; Soba; Donburi as well as tons of fresh fish and amazing roll creations.Wonderful example of a true Japanese-owned business. Great Job!!
I'm on the fence about this one.  I think it is a 3.5 to be fair.  For a sushi bar it has a pretty nice atmosphere.   It is a fairly small place and when we got there the bar was full so we had to sit at a table.  The happy hour menu is decent- better then most sushi bars.  There was a pretty broad range of rolls and apps on it to choose from.  The drinks are a great deal- large size beer for $4. On to the food.  We started out with the edamame and were surprised at how small a portion it was.  Much smaller then normal.  We also got the goyza which was tasty but not any thing out of the ordinary.  We got a salmon and crazy roll.  I wasn't crazy about the crazy roll but I'm not a huge fan of rolls and rolls with cream cheese.  We also got the assorted sashimi on the menu.  All the fish tasted fresh except for one of the black cod.  Maybe I just don't care for that one.I would come back and give this another try.  No one in the family likes the same sushi place so it is a challenge every time we want to go for sushi.
First time visiting Tempe; and first time visiting WOB. After bouncing through a couple other bars on Mill Avenue; I landed at WOB. I must say; the staff and atmosphere made me feel much more comfortable than my earlier journeys that evening. I wouldn't call myself a beer enthusiast; but after our server brought us a flight of various samples; I was hooked! The atmosphere was GREAT; live music and a friendly crowd. I didn't realize the endless possibilities; and at first I was a bit overwhelmed. However; our server (who was extremely knowledgable on beer) pointed us in the right direction!  Highly recommend this place if your looking to have some fun on a night out;
This area of Gilbert is so quaint!  But even if I was in love with its surroundings; we always stop by when we're in the mood for delicious desserts; specifically the red velvet cheesecake; which is indescribable.  You just have to try it!  As for the regular food; I've tried a different entree each time; and I have never been disappointed.
Service here is lukewarm.That being said; everything else is awesome for an airport eatery.  Serious!I was here for breakfast and the amount of food you are served for $9 is absolutely incredible.  I ordered the burrito with chorizo and eggs.  I didn't really want it burrito-style so they served it with the tortilla on the side.  Thanks!Two people should split this meal.  Massive heapings of eggs with chorizo along with a huge portion of home fried potatoes which were also very good and crunchy.I was seated alone at one of the high tables and low and behold; each table has multiple plug ins for your electronics.  I immediately plugged in my laptop and phone to get full charge prior to my flight.A tremendous value.  If you're with someone; split the meal.
I went into this clinic to check it out; being that it's been a couple of years since I've gone to a PT clinic. I walked in and asked for information; the receptionist just looked up and said; Do you have a question? She didn't ask my injury or tell me any specialties the PTs have. Since I seemed to be inconveniencing her I left. I then called; thinking I would get more information. Unfortunately; that was not the case. I told the gentleman that answered that I have a lower back injury and asked if there is anyone who specializes in this. He told me that that's a common injury and that anyone would be fine to help me. I don't know about anyone else but that is not comforting. I then asked if any of the therapists had certifications; i.e. spinal manipulation or dry needling. He then stated that he 'thinks' Erica is certified in dry needling. Needless to say with how I've been treated; and their lack of knowledge; I won't be going here.
French Fries with Mexican food LOL classic. Get the big fat chicken taco and you will be eating the best taco offered from Del Taco :) also the fries are rather good I was just messing around.
I love Grazie's. Franco is like another uncle in my Fiance's family. We go there everytime we visit his parents. He always hooks us up with unique family style meals that are off the menu and really gives us a true family experience. Hard to find that personal attention from where we are from (Southern CA). Any questions about his foods are fully explained and its obvious that Franco does care about his customers and treats them like family. Its always a treat to go here when we are in town.
This review is for the smoothie bar in the front of the store. It's fantastic. We were in town for a day and a half and we had enjoyed their smoothies so much while we lived there that we went back twice in that small time frame we were visiting!We always just get the green smoothies. Tasty; healthy; win.I get the tropical one and ask for extra banana and sub one of the milks they have for the electrolyte water.Husband gets the green trekker; and says he likes it better when he subs one of the milks for the electrolyte water; too.These smoothies are not super sweet; so ask for extra banana or a touch of agave if you want more of a treat.
We try to go for waffles and coffee every Sat. We enjoy the comfort food and the hardworking people who work there. It'sthe Waffle House!
Fantastic food; great service; cozy atmosphere! A bit pricy;...worth it!
Was at Arizona Mills Mall headed to the movies and walked past the food court and saw that  America's Taco Shop was there; this is a place that I have been wanting to try; not necessarily in the mall; but just in general so I took the chance and headed over before the movie. After studying the menu I went ahead and ordered the Carne Asada Burrito; which had caramelized onions; pico de gallo; carne asada and asked for the extra spicy hot sauce to go with it.I want to say the burrito was mind blowing; but it was bland to me; it had a great opportunity to be a mouthwatering experience; but it wasn't; I was kind of of looking forward to the caramelized onions; but really they were just like slightly sautéed and its kinda like being invited over to a friend's house for fajitas and finding out that they used the frozen onions & bell pepper mix for it. It just wasn't as good as I had hoped it to be; but for a fast lunch time meal it would be something to check out; not something for a dinner; for dinner I just want more flavor.
Went to this location last night to celebrate my birthday. I was so impressed by EVERY staff member and how polite and professional they all were. We interacted with the hostesses; bartenders; our server; and a manager and every single one of them was truly awesome. Great food; great wine; and great dessert. Will definitely come back when we want a nice steak place!
A friend of my boyfriend recommended C-Fu Gourmet so we tried it on Xmas eve.  In spite of the fact that they were very busy; the food was still awesome!!!  The C-Fu Chicken and French Beef are incredible and the fried rice is the best in the valley!!  Oh; I forgot to mention the Coconut pudding and Snowballs...delish!  We went back the following week with friends...service and food were even better!!  This is our new Chinese restaurant!!!
Oye; que tal; mis amigos? This is the premier place if you want to find out what beef chimichangas should taste like. The place has all the charm of an abandoned warehouse; but the eats are second-to-none. Take some tortillas home; you'll be glad you did!Been eating at this place faithfully for the past five years; and the quality has always been consistent. I get it to go; but sat in a few times to eat; as well. South Phoenix and close to Van Buren; what's not to like?
Rosie McCaffrey's is my favorite Irish pub; nay my favorite bar of all time! I can always find a seat at the bar and I can always find decent people to converse with. Bartenders are super nice and friendly. As far as the food goes I can't say too much; I've only ever really had the wings and they are sufficient. I mainly go for the vibe and to relax with a nice ale. Love going on Friday or Saturday nights because the bands are always top notch and everyone always seems to be having a good time.Honestly; I've had quite a few experiences here in 6 years. Met some amazing people. Exchanged some numbers. Had deep introspective conversations with close friends and strangers. It's always been a great time and isn't that what it's all about? I can't recommend this place enough. Give it a chance and if you're disappointed you're  probably just a sad hollow shell of a human being.
I hesitated to review this restaurant; as I'm sure many people did; for fear that it would grow overcrowded--it's THAT good! This is where I bring my out-of-town friends to treat them to the best tandoori chicken Phoenix has to offer. And the rest of the menu is just as delectable! Perhaps the decor is lacking; and some of the booths are pretty uncomfortable; but that's really not an issue for me when the food is this tasty.
My new addiction on healthy ... and not only is this place healthy... its good for you ... it's a treat for your body... your senses... and packaged in a way that travels well for someone on the go ... say if your a fly girl like me! I have been to all 3 stores in the valley. I like the one near me on Shea and Tatum. It doesn't have the 'kitchen' but everyone is friendly and helpful. In fact; the last time the guy walked out my Fit Foods purchase to my car. How's that for service! I have my favorite foods like Brian's Enchiladas; which at the small portion size is perfect for me. I love the Salmon and Pear Salsa ...again I get the small portion size but it comes in medium and large and all are calorie and serving breakdown conscious. I am on a gluten free diet lately for health reasons affiliated with migraines. These foods freeze well and the staff was even a little surprised when I shared that with them. I don't think the price is off at all.. it's fresh and it's healthy and if you went to buy and prepare this on your own you would be spening the same or more. Worth the trip... I hope MyFitFoods opens more stores.. My heart adores!
Very disappointing experience... we get here at 5pm... party of 3... and you refuse to seat us because there are going to be 2 large parties later!?!?! There were 5 open tables; this is completely unacceptable!!!
Holy Crap this place needs to find a bigger store to sell from.  But I'm afraid they'll get it and raise the prices.  The prices on stuff is really varied but you can find some good deals.  I've tried to talk them down one time but they declined saying what they had (bar stools) go very quickly.  We have found some really good deals there though so I have to give them 4 stars.  I would shop there really really early if you don't like swarms of people.   Now they have a sign up for an overflow gravel lot that looks like it is in front of someone's house and is east of the store.
Not too quick with breakfast food so be prepared.
I have to agree with the other reviewers on their views of this pizza hut. It's a real shame because a real pizza hut where that you can actually sit down and enjoy a pizza with your family is becoming a rare thing indeed. Many of them have converted to the take out/delivery only format. I was thrilled to see a sit down pizza hut in Casa Grande. Unfortunately the service quickly tamed any excitement I was feeling over the location and style of the restaurant. Every time we eat here we are greeted by consistant rude and unprofessional service. My wife is a huge fan of pizza hut so we deal with the terrible service because we have to...it's the only pizza hut in town. If it was up to me we would stick to T and M pizza all the time and ignore this establishment entirely.
Was not sure after seeing the mixed reviews; but it is always good to make up your own mind. My GF and I went last night (Xmas eve) and the staff was amazing! They were all super friendly and accommodating. We got the Mongolian Beef and Volcano Chicken (both with Lo Mein noodles). Both dishes came out quickly and were delicious! The meats were tender and cooked just right; The veges were very fresh and not over cooked. with a bit of crunch The table across from us had ordered the Sizzling Hot Beef Plate that was reviewed earlier. It might have been a dud that time; it was a winner this time. The metal plate was so hot you could smell the wooden holder underneath it (kind of like summer camp craft class). When the server put the beef on the hot plate; it was like a fourth of July Fajita! It sizzled like crazy and then went up in flames when the server poured the Ginger wine on it. Very impressive and the people said it was great. We will deff go back for that and the rest of the menu.
Rude host...long wait...rushed to eat n go!Table side service and food were good/ok Place needs a good cleaning n makeover
serously my son and I had the chipote steak; it was so salty I couildn't eat it.  yuk
This is our absolute favorite neighborhood sushi restaurant.  Their rolls are fantastic; always tasty and just the right size as well.  We've been to many other high end establishments; and while their sushi is typically very good their rolls are more than you can eat in one bite and tend to fall apart; not so at Shogun.  Perfect rolls every time.
I ate here a couple months ago and I still think about the food; so I decided to add a review.  We tried nearly every small plate on the menu and the standouts were definitely the Soup Gyoza; Sweet Chili Wings; and the quail; which doesn't appear to be on the menu anymore.  I enjoyed Sens; but it was very small - this is an upgrade; even if it felt a little too hip to take my parents (we took them anyway).  I've seen complaints about the staff; but we had none; so maybe we got lucky.  Based on the food; I'd recommend it regardless.
Honestly; this is my new favorite sushi place. If I lived close by; I'd go there every day. The prices are unbeatable; the atmosphere and 'sushi boat' concept is very fun; and the sushi is actually pretty good. My dream would be a sushi station more centrally located in Phoenix!
I can agree with the previous posters as to the customer service skills in here; and the explanation of how and what comes on the sandwiches.  The quality is a notch above subway; but the bread selection is white; or wheat; and the wheat comes on regular loaf bread slices; not submarine type.  No napkins in a readily available area; I went up and asked for some and I was told to grab them myself.My biggest complaint here; was the music is way too loud; you have to literally yell at them to order your sub; and you can barely hear what they are saying.  Its just too loud to sit there and enjoy your sub while your ears are ringing.Message to owners:  I will be back; but if its the same experience again; I wont ever return.
It's hit or miss here at Ocean Luxury. Sometimes it's amazing and sometimes it isn't.  I think it really depends on your get.  They have a nice selection of polish.  The place is clean and comfortable.  They tend to run on the late side; even for appointments.
I HATE this place; but I seem to be stuck going back to it. They book alot of great bands and the show line-ups are usually really good. The positive ends there. Staff is rude; its hot as hell; there's not place to sit if you're under 21; and once you're in; you're in. Zero reason for re-entry.The last show I went to was to support some friends and I had a 13 year old with me. I stayed in the under 21 area with him. About 2 hours into the show; my arthritis in my knee started acting up so I found a spot on the floor where I could sit and relax for a few moments. I made sure I was away from everyone and in a well lit area so nobody would trip over me. I wasn't on the floor for two seconds before there was a flashlight blaring in my face and security yelling at me to get off the floor. I held my hand out to him and yelled back (so he could hear over the music) that I had a bad knee and I needed help getting up. He continued to yell get the hell up! while I struggled to me feet. I limped out (luckily; the band I was with got me back in to see their set) but I was livid all night. I asked a few other people if there was a place to sit and explained and pleaded that I was in pain and I got the cold shoulder time and time again.Audience was jumping on stage during the main band and security didn't do anything about it. So basically when you go to this place; feel free to attempt to ruin the show; but whatever you do don't sit down.It's always dirty and; bluntly; the place stinks. It's a mix of B-O and human waste (since they never clean the bathrooms) that will burn the hair right out of your nose.My advise-aviod this place at all costs. If your favorite band is playing 1 show in Phoenix and its here; catch them in the next town. The gas money is well worth it!!
Drove in; got our spot; and 'enjoyed' Paranormal Activity 4. Please note; however; my rating is not based on any of the following:1) The movie we saw2) The Drive-In Experience (Generally-speaking)3) The optimal drive-inNow; the third point makes this difficult because I am not really a drive-in connoisseur. However; given that there are not any other drive-ins within a reasonable distance of WWG9; treat this review as more of a focused audit of one business. The big pros of this place is that is it big; organized; and a great value. They have a pretty broad selection of movies playing and the one staff member I did deal with; the ticket girl; was friendly and efficient. Also; check out their website. It's good (that's the only word I can think for it).The nothings of the place are: That it is far from you -- an item another poster actually complained about like it's going to be cost-effective to put a parking lot (essentially) of that size in downtown Scottsdale.The ghetto-bird is flying around -- I see the thing if I am at the park at night. It doesn't make me knock the rating of the park (the drunk guy rubbing one out and inviting me into the bathroom does). It isn't even distracting. It is in the Avenues -- I get it. The Avenues are bad. But I saw no security issues and; frankly; if your car gets jacked at a drive-in theater; you are probably doing something wrong. Now; the con: The screen and sound are a little blurry. Now; I will admit right off that this may have been more of a factor of me watching PA4 than anything about the theater being imperfect. Maybe this is just part of the 'drive inn experience' and I doubt it would have bothered me as much if I had been watching the Expendables 2 or some other film that you don't really focus on much for the details. All said; especially now when the weather is nice; it's a brilliant move to head out to WWG9 with some In N Out and a couple blankets.
My husband and I ate here for the 1st time today and we'll definitely be going back. The portions were large and the food was delicious! Not the most aesthetically appealing place to sit down and eat; but I'm there for the food!
A little back story...When I first moved back to AZ after graduating from college I came to the Coach House just about every Friday night & good amount of Saturdays for about 2 years. It got to a point that as soon as I got off work I would rush home; shove some food in my mouth and would get here pretty early. The plan was usually to start the night here; but most nights we never left. The bartenders all knew us and if it was crowded when we came in Jenny would notice us and just bring our drinks to us. I'm pretty sure the drinks are/were cheap anyway you look at; but I remember looking at my bill the next morning and was completely convinced I wasn't being charged for all my drinks/shots.I don't remember what exactly happened (except that it didn't involve me; but rather other people in my group); but unfortunately some bridges were burned (we got WAY too comfortable here) and eventually we stopped coming. I eventually came back here a few times before moving from AZ; and when I come to visit I occasionally stop in. For the most part; it's still the same (although they've expanded the front patio from when I first started coming here; but that's a good thing). It's normally packed; and as far as the people it does seem that over the years the crowd has slightly gone from not-your-typical Scottsdale regulars to people who hang out in Scottsdale quite a bit; but are trying something different. However; I don't see where the Coach House has changed anything to accommodate this new-ish crowd; which is good.I'm just rambling on; and I realize this review isn't much of a review. Just come to the Scottsdale gem and experience it for yourself. The holidays are especially fun; which run 'til like March/April at the Coach House (no; I'm serious).
Palak paneer; garlic Indian bread; potato onion Dosai..fantastic.
We decided to give this place a try last night since they opened almost a year ago and we hadn't been in. Plus we just wanted a fast cheap meal without having to cook and without having to eat at McDonald's or Wendy's. Upon entering we were asked if this was our first time and had the whole menu explained to us. The burgers are cooked very thin on purpose and they offer shoe string fries or onion rings to go with them. They also have hot dogs and chicken choices. We both ordered a burger; fries; and a drink. Prices aren't bad; they're about average. We had a 25% off coupon so it was just over $10. After you order they offer you some fry sauce and have a special seasoning blend you can sprinkle onto your food. Everything was great! The burgers were very tasty as are the fries. Actually we both really loved the fries! They do offer frozen custard with lots of toppings to choose from. We didn't get any. We're the kind of people that are always blown away by prices for ice cream at eateries and would rather just buy it at the grocery store. Anyhow; we'll definitely be back. It's a nice change from the usually fast food joints.
Went here for a quick weekday breakfast while running errands.  Staff= friendly. Service= quick & pleasant. Food= better than expected. French Dip; Standard Cheeseburger and Green Chile cheeseburger all delivered.  Place could use an update and even a good cleaning on the windows and walls but it wasn't gross or anything.
ugh.. not impressed.I absolutely dislike when companies claim natural and safe ingredients yet have done no basic research on the ingredients they claim are natural and up the price on their goods for those who don't know enough to do their own research and don't know they're buying the same unsafe products.OKAY; don't hate me; because I know there are SERIOUS devotees to Lush.  Good for you.  Don't get me wrong; I am willing to spend good money on good products when I have confirmed they are indeed good products.. so I'm not a hater.  I'm just a factualist... if that word even exists.Take for example their soaps and shampoos and lotions which contain several ingredients that are known to be harmful.. I won't go through those ingredients here as I don't have the space; but I just want to mention it so you are informed of the natural products your paying a premium for that aren't so natural or safe.  If you want to read more; google search it.... it'll open your eyes.Interesting to note their website no longer contains a link to their ingredients.. Okay; so now that I've explained why I give them low stars for advertising quality at a premium when in fact it isn't... I'll comment on the rest of the store and services.  Stars diminish for: Staff personnel were very pushy to me and my sister the whole time.. she never left our side and kept pushing us to try this and that out and even applying samples to us.. we seriously turned around a few times to lose her but she kept coming back... she also didn't even know any answers to the questions we had about the ingredients; so she deferred to her boss who told us that; yes; parabens and SLS was safe and so was FDA food colors in their soaps and shampoos... umm; yeah; obviously any research on that will show you that clearly is not the case.alright.. now for the good...I do have to admit that they DID have *some* clean and very safe products... a lot of them had simple and natural ingredients that; if you do a query; are not unsafe and used by a lot of pharmaceutical grade naturopathic companies.  THOSE I will buy and will gladly pay for...  they did have some freshly made cleansers they kept in a fridge that had some very raw and natural ingredients... I think I would try those products for sure.
Excellent craft beer; great people; easy prices. NO pretenses here; laid back atmosphere; no frills- just great beer.
Happy Hours at Cadillac Ranch are my favorite. The HUGE outdoor patio is a big draw; so get there early. Happy hours are daily; plus ALL night on Mondays. A BIG plus; is half off all bottles of wines on Wednesdays (umm..hello?)I usually go for the appetizers and it's not the healthiest - but it's HAPPY HOUR!Margaritas are tasty - they don't skimp on the tequila!I'm a fan!
Thank goodness for this new Circle K!The other 2 were filthy and disgusting and management would not do anything about it. I complained about the one on Hunt Hwy so many times. There is slime on the ice dispensers. It is so gross!Also; nice to see that the Chevron has a little competition.
nice looking place
If you are looking for outstanding food in a quiet; intimate setting; Roma Garden Ristorante is the perfect place for you. We read several of the reviews before going to Roma Garden. For those reviewers who complained about the atmosphere; we found those criticisms to be unfounded. We spent the afternoon in downtown Scottsdale; having lunch at one of the trendy restaurants. This place; and several others that we scoped out; made sure that their spaces were decorated with the latest styles and newest furniture. Roma Garden stays true to its roots. It is tastefully decorated; it feels like more of an extension of someone's home than a restaurant. Several of the still-life paintings on the wall were created for the restaurant. With a small bar and only about 10 tables; the setting is romantic and allows for quiet conversations with members of your party.The service was outstanding. Our services were personable and knowledgeable. We had a nice conversation with two of the servers; again; making the place feel more like someone's home than a restaurant.When we sat down; the table next to us had just received their meals. The smell of their food was intoxicating. We started with the stuffed mushroom appetizer which was unique and delightful. One of the reviewers mentioned the bread. We concur; the bread and herbed butter are a wonderful addition to the meal. The most challenging part of our meal was deciding what to eat. One can choose from an amazing array of classic Northern dishes. Our two choices; Pollo Saltimbucco and Pollo Piccante; did not disappoint. The side of pasta has a sweet and savory marinara sauce (making me wish that I had ordered either the lasagna or a pasta dish...maybe next time); and the side of vegetables was a nice balance to the main dish. Both portions were generous and incredibly tasty. They were each sauced well. It was clear that a great deal of care and experise were parts of the preparation.If we lived here; I imagine that Roma Garden would be a weekly destination for us. We love to go to places where the food is made with love and the staff loves what they are doing. Roma Garden fits the bill.
I am glad I do not live close to this donut shop.  With the 24 hour drive thru; excellent selection of donuts; boba drinks; and even shaved ice available all day it is a diet killer.I stopped by late; about 10pm  and they still had a large selection of donuts; I picked up a dozen to sample the flavors.  I enjoyed the old fashioned; Boston creme; chocolate filled; raspberry filled; and some classic sugar laden regular donuts.  Delicious and I was on a sugar high.To add to my sugar high I added a boba Thai coffee large.  Pretty of boba to enjoy my long drive back to the west valley.  I really enjoyed the coffee and it is a rare treat by my home.  I am still craving another excuse to drive here and get another.I also did sample some shaved ice in the unconventional rainbow fashion. The staff was not use to serving a rainbow shaved ice; but were very accommodating.  He noted they usually only do one flavor; but attempted a 4 flavor ice sample.  It is still great to have shaved ice at 10pm when its 50 degrees outside right?I also noted breakfast croissants and other breakfast treats; bagels and creme cheese; etc.  I could not really concentrate on that part of the menu; the donuts in the glass cases are mesmerizing.  I imagined sampling them all while I reduced my selection to only 12 donuts.  I can say that the 12 donuts did not last a day on the kitchen island and the donut box is now a empty box of memories.  I hope to visit Bosa again and enjoy another dozen and maybe sample some other items they provide.  I hope you have the opportunity to sample Bosa donuts as well.
nice shopping area with good places to eat
Hands down; best fried chicken I have ever found!
Previously wrote a review on Healthy Outlook but wanted to acknowledge Dr. Cohen and her ability to ensure that every visit would be taking in with care and provided the highest service. Her knowledge; patience and ability to make us feel comfortable far surpasses any family doctor I have seen in the Phoenix area. Just spend 15 minutes with her and you'll never want to see another doctor again!
hands down the best chinese seafood buffet - salt and pepper shrimp and kalbi short ribs
Menu is very similar to PF Chang's.  Good quality American Chinese food at reasonable prices.  Order cafeteria style with limited table service.
A couple friends and I came here during AZ Eats. It was a chance for us to get venture to something outside of our norm (Postino's or Switch). We made reservations and showed up right on time. The place was packed and we wound up waiting for about an hour before we got a table; but we got to sit at the bar and enjoy some great wine.We each tried sometihng different and everything was great! Unique flavors; great presentation; great staff. We had a really wonderful dinner! My favorite part? The s'mores with bacon and peanut butter mouse. A-MAZ-ING
This place is amazing! Ash is the best restauranteur ever. Food is amazing and service is stellar. Best happy hour you will find. 2 everything's all day!
This is a good quick on the run taco shop.  Tucked back in a shopping center.  The place is smaller.  The tacos are decent and my kids love the burritos.
Good and consistent Italian food.  From coast to coast; you get a consistent dining experience at Olive Garden.
The best key sega watt (spicy beef cubes) in town!  My only complaint would be the high prices and lack of service on water refills (when i'm eating something spicy; i expect LOTS of water refills).  It's definitely filling and the ingera bread is actually really healthy for you... it's made with TEFF; a type of flour.  If you like meat; don't let your tastebuds miss the key sega watt!
The best book store.  A good place for kids to find books they like.  SW corner.
Poor experience over the course of 3 visits.  Staff is friendly however they do not seem to be focused exclusively on customer service; as their personal conversations amongst each other appear to take priority.  Orders take much too long to arrive; wings are soft and void of any crisp;and  food is  over priced and lacks a developed value.  On a positive note; the GM offered to make an attempt to remedy the situation which I have yet to take him up on.
I love the location and overall appearance of this place. We all enjoyed our food and the truffle Mac & cheese was super good but the service was ridiculously slow considering the place was almost empty and spending $75 for lunch for 4 was a little more than I like to spend for lunch. Especially since we all ordered the lower priced menu items. We may go back but I will try out the other restaurants in this location first to see if they have better service.
It's a nice airport with just a few caveats:No access direct access between terminals behind security so if you're switching terminals; give yourself enough time.What happened to Terminal 1? Seriously! It's not there.If there's ever a fire in the Terminal 4 baggage claim; it's gonna be a roast. The way the barricades are set up hardly seems conducive to evacuating.Oh; and the baggage claim carousels spin the wrong way; I'm a firm believer they should go clockwise.
impeccable service. delectable food. this place delivers.the husband took me here to celebrate our 3rd anniversary.... and albeit pricey; every penny was well spent. We went for the 5 course tasting menu and sat at the bar; which I highly recommend. The precision and presentation of each course is incredible. My favorite courses were the nigiri course (best fish EVER); the grill course (wagyu beef!!!); and the dessert (panna cotta). Everything was amazing; but these were my favorites. Save up your money and have the experience of a lifetime here.
Great food. Great service. Small Greek salad is huge. Buffalo hummus and baba ganoish were tasty.  Baklava was good end. I will be back.
Best Italian restaurant anywhere!  The salad is to die for!  The menu has a very nice mix of choices.  Prices are very reasonable.  Atmosphere is very nice.  Staff is friendly and responsive.
I am going to say this is not a bad place at all. My only complaint ;too many people  and not enough people working here to help everyone. But; hey what can you do. This is Hell week for the folks working at the stores and other shops. They carry clothes but; limted amounts;not everything that is in the catalog.No. these clothes are not for me ; they are for a gift. It is all too confusing though;so I just got a gift card; very easy and very simple. Lots of females spraying perfume every where; I cannot say that I liked it.The perfume smells a little on the cheap side.Parking for this place is tough this time of year; but; I am sure that other times not too bad.The guy next to me had to ask for gift boxes and then ask for tissuse. I think this should be included with his purchase; you should not have to ask.He is not buying for himself;so it is a gift. GIve him the boxes and tissuse; so he does not have to ask.
Rated 2nd cleanest Arby's in the United States! Excellent facility; service and good!
Nicer than a hole in the wall. Friendly; attentive staff. Good happy hour drink specials until 7. Delicious chicken entree has a plentiful amount of veggies/side dish for the price.
Food is decent. Service is kind of lousy. And the clientele is grimy...so grimy to where I have to sit outside to not be disgusted when I'm eating.
So  far had the bucket of shrimp outstanding. Can't wait for the bean town steamer. This place ROCKS; the staff is very energetic; the whole experience was first rate; the food was great..
The Short:The best tasting wings in the PHX area hurt by erratic service and lack of culinary diversity. Pros:- Wings; wings; and wings.- Lots of tasty sauce options.- Fries that 'bite back' (thanks Dayum).- Serves beer!- Open late.- Amazing boneless wings.Cons:- Food quality and choices falls flat after wings and fries. - Orders can take fooooooooreeeeevvvvveeeeerrrrrrr!- Dining area not always clean. - For whatever reason; some of the workers hate you. Not me; you. Yes; you in the back. Best Item(s):- Wings (any type)- Fries (even if you find them in the trashcan or on the floor)Interesting Fact:The food here tastes just as good sober or drunk. I prefer drunk to help me deal with some of their workers.
Holy crap; the best hole in the wall hidden gem of a beer and pizza place.  Nestled in with a nightclub and improv theater place; Papago Brewing is a wonderful spot to get a good meal.  We always come here after a race in Phoenix; eating our weight in bread and never feeling guilty.They have quite the tap list with excellent variety; also including their own brews.If what's on tap doesn't sound appealing; they have 8 convenience store-style coolers with TONS of beer that you can purchase and drink with your meal.Try the beer bites- little pieces of pizza crust smothered in herbs and parmesan cheese; served with two dipping sauces (you choose between ranch; thai peanut sauce; marinara; buffalo; etc).  They are excellent.For dinner; my husband and I usually split a large garden salad and a large pizza.  The salad is wonderfully fresh and chock full of veggies- tomatoes; cucumbers; onions; and it comes with a good dose of dressing (on the side).  In my opinion; nothing is worse than getting a great big salad of awesme greens and only having a thimble full of bleu cheese dressing.  Come on; really?We've had the Thai Chicken pizza; which is good but a little on the spicy side; and I also leave off the cilantro.  The other go-to is a make your own with ham; mushrooms and green chiles.  YUM.  The crust is thin; but not like cardboard; and the red sauce compliments the pizza; it doesn't overpower the dish.  When they get busy; service can be a little slow; but we've been there in the middle of a U of A/ASU football game and it's never been really bad.  Patience is worth it in this place; the food and beer and atmosphere is just awesome.
I have been a loyal customer of Exclusively Men's for 6 years. Sam's focus is on customer service & this emphasis is what keeps me coming back. This is a family run business with the look of all the V but NONE of the attitude.  I tried the Royal Shave today for the first time & I am hooked. I recommend this Barber Shop/Spa to everyone. See you next week Sam.
So my wife and I are  HUGE fans of Cheuvront and the tastings they hold there several times a month. We've done Spanish Cheese tastings; Italian Wine tastings and everything in between and always have a great time! This past weekend was the port tasting and what a great event. I learned a TON about port that I didn't know and got to try several ports that I'd never had. The tastings are typically $15 and include a small plate (or in this case; delicious of pizza). Do yourself a favor and go check out Todd; Jeff and the gang and get on the email list for their tastings. it's always a great time!
Arghh... where do I start? Well; allow me to say that I am not a big fan of Macaroni Grill; but the hubby and the kids seem to like it; so we go there once in a while.Come to think about it; I think we have gotten better service consistently at the Agua Fria and Tatum locations; we also went once in Mesa. However; the few times I have been to the Gold Dust locations... huge disappointments. Once our daughter's wheat pasta was uncooked; and missing the pine nuts (we ordered it because she didn't know what they were). We like the Chianti BBQ Steak; and we have had it at Tatum location; delicious.We went to this place for Christmas Eve; and we were expecting them to be busy. To our surprise; we didn't have to wait that long to be seated. We got a booth (4 of us) and ordered fetuccini and  Penne Rustica for the kids; hubby the Chianti BBQ steak and the Parmesan Veal Chop for me. We ate one piece of bread. We asked for one more. We ate it. Our server apologized for the delay. Long wait. Our server came back and apologized again. Long wait. Our server nowhere to be seen.  Over 50 minutes went by since our order; which I think it is beyond a reasonable delay. We caught the attention of our server and asked for the manager.After a while a manager stopped by and explained they had 2 very big parties (he mention the number 17 each; I think) in a back room. Honestly; in my mind this translated to 'we do have customers more important than you'... we said this was beyond reasonable and were considering leaving; he said being Christmas Eve; everywhere would be busy and we would be better off waiting here; he offered a discount... and left. I tried to get his attention to ask how much longer but he didn't hear me or else... About 8-10 min later he brought our food. As he was leaving I said;  pointing to the Chianti steak: this should have prosciutto and crostini; 'and garlic dip'; added my husband. He said; the prosciutto is in there... and left. Well; in my mind I translated that as I am in a hurry; so I am going to treat you like an idiot'. That is the utmost disrespect; and hence the one star. There is no discount that makes up for that. There was no prosciutto in there. At all. We caught the attention of our server and mentioned the missing ingredients; and he brought a side of prosciutto; some garlic dip; and a piece of bread... nothing like the crostini we have had at the Tatum location. Also; the veal chop is usually huge; and this time it was like half of what I usually get somewhere else. Also; sadly this still may be an improvement; because last time we ordered the Chianti steak here; they didn't even believe us it was supposed to come with garlic dip... honestly... geeezz; can't they read their own menus? oh well; no more Gold Dust in my macaroni... ever.
I don't get it. When people here that I am from Chicago they ALL recommend Oregano's.  My husband works near the Shea location and brought a pizza home. The crust was super thin which I like; but it lacked pizzazz. I like deep dish; pan; thin crust; super thin; etc; but I did not like Oregano's. Also; they are more on the expensive side.
I don't like to trash a place based on one bad employee; but I don't think I'll go back here.I went here with a friend. We place our order and sit down. A few minutes later; our waiter takes our drinks to a table across the room. This table realizes they have the wrong drinks and returns them to the counter. This is no big deal; I won't freak out over this. The waiter then brings the drinks (with the same straws used by the previous table) to my friend and me. I ask for new straws. The waiter then tells me I just made these and I took the paper off of the straws. Why did he lie about this? I try not to make a scene; but he continues lying to me and refusing to just get two straws for a full five minutes before I reveal that I have watched where the drinks have been; I know that he did not just make them; and he was not the one handling the straws. He makes a scene and lays into me with a very sarcastic tone. I didn't eat too much of my meal. When your waiter lies about sanitary issues and mocks you in front of a crowd; your appetite goes away.This was probably my fifth or sixth visit to D'lish. In the past; the service has been okay and food is pretty good. But I have no problem with never eating here again.
very good pizza - sausage and mushrooms
My wife was at Desert Banner for a small procedure; while waiting I decided to visit this location at Dobson and Southern. As I was walking in 2 or 3 cooks; yes cooks welcomed me into the restaurant. I approached the take out counter and the girl was very helpful. The thing that really got me was how sincere the staff was at taking care of everyone that walked in; the man in the black shirt (manager ?) was helping clear tables; taking food to the guest; talking to tables and he came over offered me a drink while I was waiting; went into the kitchen and checked on my order; brought it out and bagged it up for me. The food was awesome and as at all oreganos; they really take care of the guest. Did I mention the manager sent a cookie with me for my wife after I told him how mad she was going to be that I visited Oreganos without her.Love this place!!
I went to Dizzies and we got Busy gett'n Dizzy;Right Eli!
Major points scored by what-a-burger for treating evey customer that walks in the door like a welcomed guest!The staff are friendly and attentive!  I am a fan of the Jr. Bacon Cheeseburger because it's just the right size for me.
We came here on New Years Day for a late lunch.  There were six of us.  The atmosphere was dark but clean if kind of out dated.  The service was indifferent but polite.  However; the food was terrible.  Nothing was hot enough and the quality was poor.  I'm sure the food temperature was well below safe limits.  I ate some of the food and am now feeling sick.  None of us will ever be back.  My recommendation?  Never eat here.
Friday; December 28.  Kitchen closed at 7:00 PM!  Why even open?
Taka-Takamatsu style; Takamatsu style!Heyyyyy yummy Kim-Chi!Heyyyyy some Bulgogi beef please!Heyyyyy with some vegetable Japchae!Taka-Takamatsu style; Takamatsu style!Voted best Korean restaurant in 2011!  I think I enjoyed it the second time around.  Takamatsu is located on the Northwest corner of Arizona Ave. and Elliot.  Signage is poor; but once you find this gem you won't be disappointed.  Taka-Takamatsu style; Takamatsu style offers up Happy Hour daily and some locations have a full on sushi bar.  I would recommend going to Takamatsu's for Korean BBQ.  (Warning you will smell like Korean BBQ after enjoying some Korean BBQ!)We ordered the Bulgogi beef; Japchae or sweet potato noodles; Haemul Pa Jeon or I like to call it Korean pancakes; and finally some seafood tofu soup.  Like the song; I don't know what the heck I just said!  The Bulgogi beef we cooked ourselves on the BBQ grill in the middle of the table.  Overall; we did a fine job and made sure we didn't burn off all the marinated sauce.  This was the first time I had the Japchae noodles and I thought they were pretty good; but reminded me of the Thai dish Pad See Ew.  The Korean pancakes were never my favorite unless it came with whip cream and strawberries and someone from a place called IHOP made it!  I think it fills my belly and that's about it.  Finally; the tofu soup is my overall favorite Korean dish of all especially on a chilly night!  The broth mixed with my bowl of rice is the best.  Steaming hot with a blast of flavors and spices; it warms my soul - Seafood Tofu Soup for the Asian soul; I'm working on the book haha! - Enjoy!
I see why this place has such good reviews.  I met a friend of mine that lives in Phoenix while driving through at this place.  Definitely a hipster gathering here; which is NOT my thing.  But the atmosphere was pretty cool; and the coffee was fantastic.  I'm not enough of a coffee fanatic to really understand the organic San Fran derived chocolate syrup or the organic South Columbian Nicaruaguan Honduran etc coffee beans lingo; but this place makes Starbucks look like McDonalds (which; in essence; it really is).  The music did kinda suck though - it was too eclectic and strange.
First of all; I completely disagree with DIane G statement. Interesting how she is a member just this month and then posts a negative review? Hmmm Also; they don't serve shrimp dishes during lunch buffet which she indicates; which Indian Buffet does that?.. All the dishes are watery? I don't believe it.  Anyway; we went with our family this past week and the food was great. They have a good selection and food was fresh. The only thing that was not good like the reviewer said was that charged my son a full buffet price. He didn't eat anything except 3 spoons of rice and some rice pudding.
I love this theater. I take my 5yr old here once every couple of months and have no complaints! I mean; the pretzel's could be better; but this is no Wetzel's Pretzels now is it? Come to think of it; I should Yelp them; huh?Anyway; this is a great place; very kid friendly. Only bring cash but; if you forget; they have an ATM. Good prices; of course! I usually go to Changing Hands Bookstore across the street after if there is enough time in the day (another one to Yelp).Long story short....GO to Pollack Tempe Cinemas....unless you want a brand new movie and a brand new theater and sky-high prices. I do both :)
This is a great Target. Lots of nice employees and always greet you with a  smile. Even the Starbucks people do so. VERY clean inside and out! Would recommend instead of the Wal-Mart on the other side of the plaza.The only bad is it's right next to the light rail station. Lots of creepers and people who think they are badass walk around.
Downtown Phoenix now has jazz@!!!!!
Great place.  Sandwiches are fresh and use good ingredients I LOVE the itialian with everything but Jalapenos.  But Gyros are also great and my wife likes you can dress them with whatever toppings you like.  Owners are friendly and its nice to have a great little ma and pa place around still that gives great service and great food.
Good nails; and now I am getting to know the technicians; so I am having fun here.
I've been keeping an eye on real estate in a certain neighborhood of Phoenix for a couple of years. Zip Realty's email service is fantastic for reviewing listings as they appear on MLS. I've been assigned to two gentlemen who were courteous and very service-oriented. They checked in with me; but weren't pushy since we let them know that we weren't ready to purchase yet.Unfortunately; recently; my account was suddenly turned over to Jean Palumbo. She didn't introduce herself as my new realtor and she never told me why Tim is no longer responding to my emails. She was pushy and started spamming me with her emails. In one email; she pitched me and didn't include a way to unsubscribe to her emails. I replied and reminded her that she needed to allow an unsubscribe when sending to a group - and she replied; arguing with me; saying that since she wrote the email; it didn't require an unsubscribe. Huh?Geez. I couldn't wait to get out of there.  I finally inactivated my account today. Sorry I had to leave like this.
I have only one question...why isn't there an Oreganos in my city? Great atmosphere; great service and incredible food. Bucca schmucca. We eat here every time we are in the area. I dont have a negative!
This place is absolutely amazing.  Of the top five meals I've had in my life; this place gets a spot. Starting out; the cocktails are amazing. Thomas and Richie Mo behind the bar consistently deliver some of the most innovative and tasty concoctions in town. The appetizers are to die for. My girlfriend dreams about the pork belly pastrami and the chopped salad is second to none.  Then there are the entrees. Hoo boy. The duck leg is some of the finest around; and their nightly specials can't be touched. Top it off the service is all around amazing. I cannot recommend this place highly enough. You won't be disappointed.
AWESOME FOOD!! The servings are generous and the owner is very welcoming.
The service is fine; better to go in during happy hour.... N don't miss their seafood undo pasta; yum
We come often enough that you would think we would rate it 4 stars. As far as burger places go; it's a good one; and I prefer it to Five Guys (somehow I leave FG paying the same). The bottomless fries are good too. But service is ever only average; and the first impression when entering the restaurant is never positive. We are a young couple without kids so they always encourage us; in a very pushy manner; to enjoy the open seating in the bar area. Without exaggeration; the pitch that we have come to expect is 5 or 6 sentences; which feels like an eternity. And it's rarely busy and we never have to wait. We do not like bar dining; which is why we go to restaurants; and when we always politely decline the hostesses do seat us as we request.
Delicious food and fantastic service from Natasha and friendly owner Arturo. The place is fairly small with only a few tables and the decor is reminiscent of Mexico.The food was fresh and plentiful and prices are very reasonable. No complaints here. Will be back.
I would give a zero star if I could.  We ordered a yasu roll asking for avocado on the side yesterday and our waitress (who was super nice) went and told the sushi chef and he agreed said ok... Well when he gave us out order... Guess what... There's avocado.  So I politely told our waitress and she went and told the chief and he starts arguing with her.  Then he came and said you want Avocado on the side??? I said yes he says you don't like avocado? I said no and he says oh. Just take it out then  what the heck?????? I've never heard of someone making a mistake on my order then telling me a simple just take it out  I'm such a picky eater that I don't even want avocado touching anything but my sister who was with me; LOVES avocado so that's why I asked for it to be on the side!!!!  To make matters worst; I asked him if I can have a knife so I can cut the roll in half and let me sister eat the side with avocado... He hands me a chop stick thing with a sharp edge.  Omg. I give up. I just can't take it anymore. Poor service. Instead of remaking the roll or giving us a 10% off our bill or something.Worst sushi place ever. It's because of places like this... Is why I hate trying new places!!!
I was warned to go here.. so i stayed away; but i am thinking they thought it was still the previous restaurant.  My experience was great; the ordering system is pretty cool: you pick your soup base; noodles; and ingredients. try to order the basics; adding too much into your soup will complicate it.  oh and it comes with a drink; get the coffee.
Yikes! We went last night and some drunk girl hit her car against a big truck and hit the truck in to another car. Then a guy was stabbed in the face in the parkng lot. Buyer beware! The plus side is; the bartender Ron; poured strong;original mixed drinks.  Update to a recent post by someone else; I was there when the police where in your parking lot after the man was stabbed. I was there when the ambulance took him away. I never said the was stabbed in your bar; just your parking lot. It was quite the scene and I felt bad for the guy.
What a fantastic location and the customer service is fantastic.  Why?  The person that took us under his wing was Bob; the 2nd Assistant Manager and he went far beyond the norm.  We have daughter that is allergic to soy; gluten and dairy and both black beans and pinto beans so you can imagine the difficulty with getting her the proper nutrition and the right amount of protein.  When we told Bob our needs he said that he could take the fish; and cook it adding only lemon juice and a little olive oil.  That was great but he even went further; he cleaned the part of the grill that he used to remove any gluten or soy residue and had the person that makes salads use new gloves (no residue from gluten or soy).  So the meal was great and the service even better.  Thank you Bob.  As others with allergies know it is difficult to find locations to go to and get good food. So I recommend this Culver's  at Shea and the 101.
Great price and great food. Glad I stopped.
I just wanted to say out of all the hotels in the valley I chose Sheraton Wild Horse Pass for  me and my wife to stay the night and celebrate on the joyous occasion for New Years Eve.  It was very disturbing saying the very least when the fire alarm went off around 4 a.m. in our wing and immediately we jumped from a dead sleep.  As I proceeded into the hallway people were looking at each other saying is this a false alarm without knowing what to assume.  I personally felt systems should of been in place to where the management staff should of been there conveying whether to get out of the building or it is simply a false alarm.  Think we both can agree moments in a real fire can have serious and disastrous consequences.  After the alarm stopped we were way too alert to even thing about falling back to sleep so needless to say we left after 4:45 this morning.  Personally don't think it was worth the $166.88 when it pertains to personal safety.Do think out of all the casino hotels in the valley Talking Stick Resort is the best as well as being close to all the ammenities in Scottsdale.    Leonard W Payne  Reservation Number #095468391
Great food even better ambiance. If the menu was more diverse; especially the dessert portion; this review would be even better. Will be coming back to Bandera again for sure.
Thanks to Flashbash; my daughter's first birthday party was a success! Allison came in and set up so quickly. The equipment was so easy to use. Their prices are great and they were very efficient. Thanks!
Come on in every Sunday and prepare to be IMPACTED!  Pastor Travis leads the service every Sunday after Michael Land and the Impact Band get the party started.  Don't be late or you'll miss out on some amazing praise and worship.  This is a great church that was started a few years ago by Andre Wadsworth (former NFL Player for the Cardinals).  See you there.
Whoa momma! I am deathly afraid of heights so this one gave me a run for my money. The workout itself is FANTASTIC as long as you look at your feet going up and crab walk on some parts going down. Seriously!!!  I had a fantastic time and I know that I will be back again soon; that is as soon as I get over my fear of heights!
Nice little coffee shop right here on Central. It has been here quite a while now.It has everything you could want in a Coffee Shop. Great coffe; really good Tea. Nice things to eat. They even serve alclohol.With the weather being so nice outside it is really nice to sit on Central and watch the cars go by. If you have never been here it is nice to stop in every once and a while.Nice place to pass some time!
This is an update to my previous review. We ultimately checked out and the management couldn't have been nicer about it. We just didn't want to stay in a room staring at cars with dingy furniture. The kids enjoyed the pool; the restaurants however and all the facilities just seem in major need of an overhaul. Once again i will say; not even close to being a 5 star facility. So what do you do if you are coming to Scottsdale? Well; the Gainey is under construction and the room i visited seemed attractive but terribly small and sort of dark. we chose the Princess instead and it has a lot of bells and whistles; though ultimately our room is 4 star; not 5. There were issues with it immediately - a gas leak; no trundle bed delivered till 930 pm; broken lamp; broken phone; ripped curtains. Sigh. What is up with Scottsdale? The problem with the Princess is that it is FAR from everything. So; be prepared for long long drives to get to the zoo or the botanical garden etc. Sort of a pickle and I have no advice. I guess I wish we had a beetter room at the Phoenician adn then I would have eaten every single meal elsewhere. But not a great solution.
I am so excited because I am lucky enough to get to have Songbird coffee at my wedding....woohoo! Thanks Jonathon! This shop is very close to my apartment; walkable for me. The coffee is really good. It is from a local roaster in Tempe. Additionally; the people who work there know a lot about coffee. The guy with the darker hair who works there is very interesting and has worked in the coffee business for several years. The owners are hard working and great at making delicious lattes. Everyone is friendly. Additionally; the decor is super cute and the furniture is comfortable. I have never had a bad experience here.
Ate here with my husband for a small dinner while we were visiting friends in Phoenix. Since this restaurant was within walking distance (less than a 5 minute walk) to the hotel we were staying in (Candlewood Suites); we decided to eat here. The first thing I thought of when we came in here was that this was one of those expensive tourist restaurants... and well it is (well duh; it's located right next to a few hotels). Anyways; when we first came in here (sometime after 9 pm); no one acknowledged us. There was no one by the hostess area. So we waited by the front for a few minutes before deciding to just walk over to a table and seat ourselves. When we sat ourselves at a booth near the bar; a server saw us and brought us 2 menus. We ordered the following:Crispy Fried Alligator: We got a large order and was surprised that it didn't really come with a lot of pieces. Would really have liked to have more; especially since the price tag was a bit high. Anyways; my husband wanted to order this because well; how many opportunities do you get to eat alligator? It was tasty; but a little on the oily side. And it tasted like chicken (but you know; a lot of things taste like chicken). I don't know if I would ever order this again just because of the price tag and I didn't really feel like my palate was wowed a new culinary treat.Louisiana Seafood Gumbo: We ordered a bowl to share and really liked the flavor of the gumbo. My husband just wished that there were more seafood pieces in this instead of just a few pieces of shrimp and mostly sausage. The service we received was below average... Our server only came to our tables a total of 3 times (1 to get our order; 2 to bring us our food and 3 to bring us our check). He was not attentive to refilling our water and so I had to find another employee to get us some more water. The place wasn't even busy at all; there was just a handful of tables with people eating and no one at the bar. The place was basically empty (pretty spacious; which made the emptiness more noticeable). The ladies' restroom was clean and there is plenty of parking in the lot. Overall; would not come back. Food is overly priced and nothing seemed to wow us. This is just one of those tourist traps who just like the convenience of dining here due to proximity to their hotel.
Chef Sara works hard.  She is a bit over bearing and preachy about how 'bad' all other food other than hers is.  My husband; vegetarian; loves her food.  For me; seemed WAY pricey for what it was.  Many things on the menu were not available and there really isn't anything 'conventional'.   Mushroom 'quiche' was like a mushroom puree/pudding poured in pie pan... it was raw; wierd and not really tasty.  The salad was fine; but super expensive for a bowl full of greens and nuts.   I'm surprised this place has survived.  If I want an expensive lunch; I'll go to Cafe Bink.  Plus they don't try to 'educate' you about food while you are trying to eat.  I think you have to be a particular type of diner to enjoy this cafe.
We recently had my sister and her finances wedding shower at Postinos and it could not have gone any better! There was a bit of confusion at the beginning of the evening but it was quickly taken care of. All of the staff was extremely attentive and helpful. As expected; the bruschetta and Panini's were superb and they had a ton of wine and beer choices for the guests. The only drawback was a live acoustic band playing the whole time that we were not made aware of until the day before our event. It was rather hard to hear everyone as we played shower games but at least they weren't terrible sounding. I would definitely recommend for anyone to hold a special event there!
Had heard nothing except rave reviews on this place; so decided to check it out.  BIG MISTAKE!  Over priced for the quality.  Mixed Vegtables on menu... not vegtables.  Was a veggie.  And if you have a coal burning oven; why would I get some nasty snap peas!  Grilled peppers; squash; eggplant seems to be a much better idea.  I went in the next day to complain and was spoken to by a bartender who spoke extremely dissrepectful to me and never offered to even get a manager.  This place won't last with a $6 burger at Flemmings that KILLS the quality and experience!  Too bad!
We go for happy hour though last time arrived too early and had a late lunch. Waiter was nice and very efficient. My loves the burgers. Cobb salad was quite good and reasonably priced. Wine priced a little high. Good enough place to go
I had the pleasure of being exposed to Kaleidoscope even before it was named. I have tried many of the juices that are made by them everything is Ammmazing... If you are looking for health improvement take a Juice Cleanse Challenge. To be honest Alexandra (the owner) may not even know what that means but just tell her Rich said do a Juice Cleanse and she will set you up..Well worth it!
Love this place! I have bought a few pairs of shoes here and returned them multiple times using their 90 wear um and love um program. Some places make you feel bad or awkward about returning things; NOT HERE! Best way to find the right shoe! Great selection of shoes and they are always very helpful.
I have visited this place a couple of times to pre-game for a D-backs or Suns game.  I now spend my money at Rose and Crown which I think has way better food and drink options. Meal:  I usually would go with a burger or the nachos.  The beer selection is decent.Taste:  The food is incredibly bland and I have serious doubts that they actually cook anything.  I think everything they get is pre-packaged and they just warm it up.  The beer is also not very good.  They have a good selection but I don't think they clean their tap lines out very often.  Every time I have drank a draft beer from there; the beer smells a little musty and tastes like mildew.  6 out of 10.Value: Portions are decent; the food should taste way better for what you are paying for; and the beer prices are crazy high.  Its not bad if you hit happy hour or some other special; but frankly; there is no real value at Cooperstown. 2 out of 5.Service/Cleanliness:  Ehhhhh . . . that is the only way I can describe it.  The level effort put forth by the servers is the bare minimum.  6 out of 10.Atmosphere:  It seems like the managers/owners are trying to0 hard.  The servers are all gothed out and it comes off as hokey.  The sports and music stuff on the walls is pretty cool and the outdoor patio is awesome.  3 out of 5.Overall:  Forget Cooperstown.  Do yourself a favor and go to Rose and Crown down the street instead.  17 out of 30 points; 1 out of 5 stars.
I really love this part of Scottsdale.  You have a vast choice of amazing restaurants.  We decided to try Citizen Public House.  The atmosphere is an energetic one.  I can't really remember the last time I went to a restaurant at 5:30 in evening and seen such a lively place.Now for the food.  We started with the bacon popcorn.  I was only ok; but it was also only about $2 or so.  We decided to have the pork belly pastrami and the butternut squash soup.  The soup was ok; but I wouldn't order it again.  The pork belly was amazing.  I can't wait to go back and have it again. We shared the short rib.  It was a pretty healthy portion.  My husband and I were able to share one.  The bbq sauce was a tad bit on the bitter side.  I think I will try the scallops next time.The cocktails were amazing.  I'm really into cucumber right now; so the Persian was to die for.Service was great!  Our food came out quickly.
My mom and I have always loved Thai food. When Pink Pepper closed (in the west valley) we were devastated and have been trying to find a good replacement since. We found it here! It is kind of hard to find; and when you do find it; it looks a bit grungy on the outside. Once you enter though; the owner; Siri is waiting with a smile and a hello; and the interior is clean. They have a wide selection of food on the menu. My mom and I went for the lunch. We both got the Chicken Pad Thai and split an order of Beef Panang. We got the Pad Thai at a spice level of 3 stars; and even though we like our food hot and our sinuses clear; it was almost too hot. I would suggest getting one or two stars; even if you are daring. The prices were very reasonable; at $6.95 a plate...well worth it with reasonable portions. It also comes with delicious soup and egg rolls. I would definitely suggest this place to anyone who loves Thai food!
Well; I dont know what to say. I made dinner reservations and everything and told the person on the phone that we are celebrating an occassion. When we got there; the host looks up my reservation and then asks us if we want to sit at the bar?! WTF!!! Eat at the bar....WHY?! I did not want to spoil the mood; so I politely said no; and that we prefer a booth. The dinner was amazing...the oysters; the steak; the scallops and the dessert....they were all good. But I am never going back there again. I guess I wasnt an old white person and so they wanted me to have my 3-course $180 dinner at the BAR!! Really? Well; too bad; coz you lost my business forever. There are plenty of great steakhouses in the valley and I dont need this kind of treatment when I am out celebrating with my family.
i don't know what to say their double chicken bowl deal is delicious! you get a lot of food here for your money i think plus the salsa bar is pretty dang good itself!!!.
Who doesn't love the 20% off coupons. Best marketing strategy ever! Whether expired or in multiples; the cashier always takes them with a smile and never with hesitancy. The employees; in general; are always friendly and willing to help. On my last visit to B B & B I noticed a section of the store that usually sold artwork and garden decorations has now morphed into a small drug store dubbed the beauty and wellness section offering toothpaste and other toiletries I am not familiar with seeing at this store.. While I have never purchased bedding from here (I think some items are marked up to allow for the 20% off coupon) my two bathrooms are elegantly decorated thanks to Bed Bath & Beyond.
My girlfriend Anna and I LOVE this place.  We've been here twice before and will be here many times in the future.  Anna is from New York and she can attest this is the closest thing AZ has to a NY deli.  Huge; delicious portions.  YUM!
Switched my son to Dr. Serbin from another doctor who always kept us waiting for 30/45 minutes.Although the office location could be better; overall service is great. We always get an appointment with the doctor with a day or 2 notice. Ask for Dr. Serbin he is the best!
Got the king crab....expensive as hell but best meal I have had in my life. That is a death row last meal for sure ;) Environment...eh. Not a fan. We were in a tiny; white walled; white table clothed room. Three tables surrounded us. Not romantic; nothing to look at; sterile looking. I love that it's the original look from when this place opened; but needs some decor or something! Food....outstanding.... ambiance....not great.
Love appetizers and drinks at the Capital bar!  The calamari with peppers is excellent; and you can't beat their signature pineapple infused vodka (Stoli Doli) martini! The staff is friendly and attentive. If you like a steakhouse with a warm wood ambiance and outstanding food; this is the place for you!
I would normally give OG a 3-4.  They are consistently decent; rarely outstanding.  If I want outstanding; there are non-chain restaurants that can fill that need.But today was different.  We went there for Sunday lunch; party of six; and although it overall went well; it was one of the very rare occasions where my meal was screwed up.  I had a steak off the menu; and since their web site sucks and I can't pull down a menu and find the actual name; I can't name it.  But it had a parm sauce with bread crumbs; came with balsamic drizzled asparagus; and garlic mashed potatoes.  The waitress asked if I wanted it medium or medium well; I ordered medium well.  A straight-forward order; nothing custom.Everyone's food came out; albeit slowly; and I started sawing through my meat.  And I mean saw.  It was tremendously over-done.  I sent it back.  And waited.  And waited.  And waited.  Not only had everyone else finished their meals while I waited; but one couple had to leave.  My remake arrived; delivered by the manager; and I stuck my fork in to it and found it was not over-done.  First bite was great; then my wife commented that it was bleeding.  I know the juice is not blood; but it was very rare; well below medium-well.  I cut another piece and noticed something odd; so I scraped the toppings off and found that the cook (I will not use the term chef since they could not properly cook a small steak) had cut in to the meat to see how done it was; then covered it up with topping.  If they saw it was under-done; why didn't they just continue to cook it?So I asked again for the manager and explained the situation.  She was very apologetic and It was taken off the bill; a substitution was offered but everyone else was done and I didn't want to detail the other three.  So aside from salad and two breadsticks; my lunch was balsamic-drizzled asparagus and garlic mashed potatoes.My wife theorized a possible explanation.  Since I did not actually send the original plate back; they couldn't see how over-done my original was; and they deliberately under-cooked the replacement.  Perhaps if I'd actually sent the plate back they would have seen it wasn't correct.To be fair; everyone else's meal was fine.  But I would suggest that if you order steak at this Olive Garden; make sure it is done properly.
I have come here 3 times within the past 2 months. First for e pedicure; which was just okay. The second time was about a month later for a gel manicure. The women aren't overly friendly by any means; and If your young and cute they really aren't friendly. I also really hate when they talk to each other like you aren't even there in another language!!  So... my gel manicure only lasted 3 days and when I returned they only wanted to fix the chipped nails. However; I insisted they redo all of them since it was only a matter or time (hours) before they chipped also. Bottom line: I do not care for their personalities or their work. Will NOT BE RETURNING. My advice; look elsewhere.
Not the fastest JIB I've ever been to; or the cleanest.
Received a great comprehensive report with pictures.  He was able to answer all our questions and direct us when he could not.  He went over the report with knowledge and future suggestions for fixes that were needed.
I would never stay here due to the enormous number of children.  That aside; nearly every time we are in Scottsdale; we come one night for the bagpipes at sundown on the back patio.  Grab a drink at the bar (impeccable service!) and enjoy a romantic thirty minutes of bagpipe serenade and the most beautiful sunset in the U.S.  this occurs on the edge of the golf course.  Westin Kierland grounds and facilities are beautiful and immaculate.
Always wanted to try the Breakfast Club during Spring Training but it is usually pretty slammed. Not the case on a Saturday morning in December at 9:30 am. I like the interior and we sat at the breakfast counter. Quick food!!! It was also delicious - good coffee; and my husband had the biscuits and gravy while I had the wild mushroom omelette. Who doesn't love fresh melon on the plate in December! Also; the fresh squeezed grapefruit juice was absolutely fabulous. Served in a frozen glass made all the difference. Service was ok.....and as a tip; to really feel like you fit in; make sure to come straight from the gym still outfitted in your yoga pants/workout gear.
Love Mo and the team; sat at the bar last Wednesday. Didn't order just let them make us sashimi and sushi; fish is incredible; rolls very creative; beer cold; saki warmNot too pricey but well worth for the qualitySometimes I wish they were always packed but then  I wouldn't get a seat at the barGo and support; best sushi in AZ
This location of Verizon gave me the customer service experience equivalent  of a car wreck.
I had my long haired cat groomed by AZ Pet Stylist; and it was wonderful!  She was on time; professional; and very caring. My cat is older and I was afraid he would freak out.  She let me come in the mobile unit and help hold him and pet him while she gave him a Lion cut.  Tuff seemed to like it; and I would definitely use them again!
The location is pretty good. There are plenty of games for the kids to play.  BUT; the food was terrible.  I wasn't expecting much; but it didn't even deliver just ok.  The management needs to step up their game.  There were bad grapes mixed in with good ones.  And the salad looked old.  I know; we took the kids there for the pizza; but not even that was good.  I'd at least give this place two stars; but the employees were lazy and a lot on the rude side.  It's almost as if they were saying; We know you're still going to bring your kids here because your kids ask for it.  If we had been at an adult restaurant and were treated the way we were here; we would have walked out.
Great beer selection; warm atmosphere; ping pong; giant jenga; Odell; New Belgium; beer garden;and more! What else could you want in a bar? I studied abroad and had the chance to go to a couple German restaurants that had beer gardens; and this restaurant definitely brought back those memories. It's a close second to the real thing.
I've been to AZ88 for years and taken many friends from out of town. Love the food for the most part; but in the last 2-3 visits their service had been below average. The last time we were there I had two very dirty forks with food stuck in them; and a glass with lipstick. The bacon wrapped water chestnuts have gone down in quality significantly over the years: burned bacon; smaller chestnuts; and dry dry dry. They used to be amazing...The second to last time I took family there; the ac was not working or was set really high; a huge problem in Arizona. With that said; the drinks are still pretty darn good!
Great atmosphere and service.  Food is too spicy for me but that's my problem.
Went here for the first time; after years of wanting to check it out.  It was our It's a boy celebration for my husband and myself.  We were placed in a little private booth with a curtain. Our waiter explained everything wonderfully; especially since it was our first time. We talked through the whole dinner about what a romantic experience this was. I do not have one complaint about any of the food; all of it; especially the desert was great.  We will be back for those special celebrations in our lives because we know this is the place to be :)
Commercialized yoga--notwithstanding the fact that all western yoga is commercialized. But that's not necessarily a bad thing. The studio was very nice and included a locker room with showers. I thought all the teachers were solid. Standard big-city prices. Check their website; but I think it was ~$12-15 per class with all sorts of package deals etc.
Not a bad burger spot; but in a part of town littered with trendy burger bars the grind didn't really do too much to stand out.  The burgers were big and pretty good.  Fresh ingredients; quality beef; and cooked right.  The ambiance works well and the vibe is cool.  But there are a few little things that put me off which made me wish I went to one of the other places just down the street in any direction.The burgers are good.  The sweet and spicy burger is amazing.  The candied jalapeños and fried ratatouille offer a unique flavor and texture.  The barbecue burger has an excellent zip.  The turkey burger is pretty juicy for turkey beef; but this will lead to one of the problems I have with the Grind which I will mention later.  We also had half-and-half sweet potato fries and herb fries.  The sweet potato fries were alright.  Nice and crispy.  The Herb fries were less than stellar.  Perhaps instead of an herb; it could have been doused with a little salt.I dig the that menus that are printed on material that looks and feels like a paper bag.  But the menu itself is where I really became disappointed with The Grind.  The descriptions of the burgers are awful.  Not awful in the sense that they do not sound good.  They're awful in the sense that it leaves off some information.  Some burgers mention they come on a brioche bun when all the burgers come on a brioche bun.  Some burgers mention they have a garlic aoli when all the burgers apparently have this garlic aoli on them.  I don't get why the menu doesn't just say all burgers are served with our special garlic aoli and on a brioche bun. This would not only lead to less confusion; but it would also prevent disappointments like what happened with my fiancé.  She ordered the turkey burger as a healthier option.  The menu doesn't mention that it is covered with the garlic aoli.  She wasn't too thrilled to get an extra couple hundred calories unexpectedly added to her meal.  The server said she could have the kitchen wipe it off.  That wasn't really the point.
Asked for an open and honest deal and they slapped on additional charges at signing.  I guess typical for a car dealership but it seemed like a overly shady financing department - buyer beware.  Haven't evaluated their service department yet.
The atmosphere in this establishment is amazing. Love the cozy; romantic; dark feeling of the restaurant and the patio. Our plan on this chilly night was to sit on the patio and order from either Richardsons or Rokery; as we had several months prior. Apparently that is no longer an option; so we decided to go to Richardsons. When we entered; we inquired about happy hour; which is only at the bar; so we chose to sit at a booth; instead; and skip happy hour. We ordered a round of margaritas and our entrees. The food was good; but; for some reason; was not kind to my stomach later. The service was so-so. I agree the waitstaff acts like they are way too busy to be bothered with doing their job. Our waitress was standoff-ish and absent. We had to ask one of the other workers for drinks and extras; like napkins; etc. The place was not busy; so I am not sure what happened to our server. We may return for a romantic cocktail or to bring guests for a drink; but that will be the extent of our return.
Loved the ambience and was really looking forward to this place; what after having loved lolo's I was really excited about another southern joint?! I havta say I am terribly disappointed with this place; not coming back here for food againThey darn sprinkle bacon on everything; especially when I told the waitress already that I am a vegetarian! Really insultingThe waitress could care less. When asked by one of the elderly women in our party about what is in the soup; she just said she didn't know and didnt even offer to go find out! Why be in service industry if you can't do the only thing you are supposed to do!? Ah well we tipped her $10 anyways; like I said as if she cares even if we didnt; just another day!
This is one of my favorite places to come and enjoy myself. I can come with friends; hang out; have some delicious pizza and of course; finish with some gelato. There is a great selection of both pizza and gelato. The staff is friendly and offer samples without hast. Every time I come in Tiffany is bubbly and goes above and beyond here job expectations. It is always great to see that although rare; there are still hard workers out there. Thanks for a great gelato spot!
The ambiance and location saves this place from zero stars.Food wasn't good at all; specially for the price. Guac was boring and chunky with unexpected (and unpleasant) textures.The chips were oily although the salsas were good.I had the angel hair chilly pasta with shrimp. The shrimp were good but the pasta was packed with alfredo sauce and no hint of spiciness at all.I tried my friend's lamb rack and it was boring and flavorless. Besides the great company and great place ambiance wise; the food doesn't worth the visit.I'll give this place a try someday soon with hopes that it was just a bad day because the setting and ambiance are really nice. Public service: servings are humongous; so don't over order.
I've shot into here on a few occasions for drinks and food and it's always been a meeeh type experience.  The food and drinks are a bit on the pricey scale for the quality and service is decent.  It kind of leaves you craving for more.  The outdoor seating is pretty good though with a linear but open space seating; outdoor bar and louge area.
What an amazing value!  Great spot for a quick lunch break. Sandwiches are very large and taste great.  NOT you ho-hum Subway.  Many times I've only had room for half my sandwich and take the rest to go and eat later. Even though it's more of a cafeteria style place several staff stopped at our table to be sure we didn't need anything more.
Dear lord! So our company had its Christmas luncheon here last Friday; So glad I got to have this pizza again! The restaurant itself is small and narrow but very cute and was able to accommodate our group of 12. For a starter I got the meatballs; and had offered to share them with the people sitting around me. I wish I hadn't; they were Soho tasty! For a pizza I ordered the Gem and had them add some green olives to it. AMAZING! MY bosses wife ordered the Kensington and offered to let me try it. I normally don't like white pizza; but it looked interesting with the arugula piled high on it. But ones I bit into it I had a food gasam in my mouth! Under the arugula was FIGS!!! Seriously people; who puts figs on a pizza???? Lamp does; and thank god they do because I haven't been able to stop thinking about it since I took the last bite! I will FOR SURE be making the 40+ drive up to this place from my house and dragging my husband along as he HAS to try this pizza!!! Just amazing!
I traded in a gold cross about 3 months ago. With the store credit I was given I purchased another cross; only to find it on their website at a lower cost. I went back to the store; returned the purchased cross and asked for our old cross back. I was told it would take a few weeks to ship it; which I understood. After nearly 2 months of no contact from Kay Jewelers I was told that unfortunately they misplaced the cross and it was nowhere to be found. Upon further review I found that the local Kay Jeweler closed down (Norterra). I called another Kay Jewelers and was told that the cross was probably in the safe; then was told it was more than likely at the home office. Days later; the store called to inform me they could not find the cross and I would need to deal with the home office directly. Home office told me a variety of different excuses as to where the cross was. Finally; a voice mail was left stating that they were willing to give me $80 store credit for their mistake. After many face to face complaints Kay Jewelers agreed to give me exactly $110 store credit; however; I was not permitted to spend more than $110 and pay the difference. This made it nearly impossible to use the store credit because nothing in the store is valued at $110.  Every time we have spoken to Kay Jewelers; they've given us an attitude as if this situation is our fault.
I am extremely annoyed with this location. I purchased some presents here for my wife. During checkout; they asked if my wife had a coupon account. I said yes; but not to put I under her account because I didn't want her receiving an email about what I purchased. What'd they do? They sent her an email with the full receipt!!  It completely ruined her Christmas morning surprise gift.
While I can't say I fancy any store that requires a tracking card to participate in weekly sales I have to say I really like Fry's for the Manager's Special items in home and garden; a section where the discerning eye can easily save up to 75% off the retail price for odds n' ends around the house.  Friendly staff; clean store; wide aisles - not too shabby.
I have been here several times now; and I owe a review.  I am from Kansas City; so I am used to fantastic steak; and I am selective.  Maestro's does not disappoint!  The atmosphere is upscale but rather loud due to the live music and the massive size of the place.  They really pack people in here!!  I usually order the petit filet(8 ounce);  medium rare; and it is perfect every time. A word of warning. . . Unless you have a massive appetite; go easy on the sides!  Bread service is fabulous with my favorite; the pretzel bread; and sides are in family-size portions.  Unless you like taking food home (I don't when on vacation); plan on an entree and splitting a side with someone.  Oh; and another word of warning; the plate comes out sizzling; and it pops and sizzles a little to surrounding surfaces; so I wouldn't wear silk or anything not dark.  Service is spectacular; with knowledgeable and attentive servers.  They truly value the happiness of their customers.  A definite must-try if you like steak.
Loved this place. My wife and I requested vegetarian burritos and they happily obliged.  They were delicious!
Delicioso!We have been going to Havana Cafe for years. It has been consistently a good experience. Good service and good food.Dinner itself is always yummy. I always order the ChoCho. Stuffed squash with a mouthwatering curry sauce. Soooo good. My husband has something different every time; usually seafood or pork. He is never disappointed. Last time we went we split a bowl of pumpkin curry soup. OMG! I usually hate pumpkin but this was incredible!My only complaint is the price for the portion they serve. Don't get me wrong; it is super yummy. But vegetarian entrees run between 15-20 and meat and seafood are usually over 20. They don't include any salad; soup; or bread and the portions are rather small. What we do more often than dinner is happy hour. Tapas are very inexpensive and absolutely delicious. Black bean fritters; sun chips; Spanish tortilla. Yum. Mojitos and sangria are on special too. Both drinks are really good. Havana Cafe is the ONLY restaurant in Arizona where I like the sangria. The bartender is nice and we usually have the bar to ourselves... what else can you ask for?
This place is just AWESOME! We found it by accident and are extremely glad we did. Following an hour long Massage in the same Plaza we went inside Mekong Plaza; an indoor shopping center catering to Asian restaurants; market and other retail stores. We found Mekong Palace and had a GREAT meal! 2.5 pound lobster (from their tank) with ginger and scallions; fresh oysters in black bean sauce; Gai Lan; rice; tea and dessert for $40.00!! The service was great and we were made to feel at home. We went back the next day for Dim Sum and again; we were thrilled with EVERYTHING!
Excellent and unique!!  The steak quesadilla is huge...a meal in itself.  It was fried to crispy; flaky perfection.  The tacos - el gaucho steak and cochinita pork - were very delicious.  Prices were very reasonable; especially considering the quality of the food.  It's a smaller place but we went at 4 pm before it got crowded.  It's a must for taco lovers.
While the Wal-Mart Neighborhood Market across the street tends to have better prices (what I worry about); my wife thinks that Fry's has better food (which she worries about); mainly vegetables.This store is really kept neat and tidy; well stocked; and the cashier/clerks are always friendly and helpful. Fry's does seem to have a better selection of meats; and has a butcher counter -- but I have never been able to see or speak to a butcher when I have gone into the store (numerous times) -- Reason for lost star.Really busy store at the 5-7pm time frame. Try to get there before or after if you can.TIP - Sign up for the club card - and save on gas. Up to $1 a gallon at any Circle K or Fry Gas Center.
David did some extensive ductwork sealing and energy auditing and took out a ton of extra energy zapping feet of flexduct tubing from a rental property we owned. Very professional; very fair price. I can easily reccomend him and his team. Thank you
I've been using DRAH for over 5 years and have no plans to ever change. Every staff member is highly attentive and caring to both you and your pets' needs. No question is too trivial for them. I have COMPLETE confidence in DRAH and encourage anyone to give them a try ... You'll make them your permanent veterinary service.
Whenever I need sports equipment or supplies; Sports Authority is my first choice.  I like the particular location because there's always plenty of parking.  This store is well organized and kept clean.Return Factor - 100%
My friend and I finished a workout and realized we were hungry and craving sushi.  We were frantically trying to find a place to eat sushi that was open late.  First of all; there aren't that many great sushi places in the Valley; simply because the fish is not fresh like any of the coastal states.  We were still on a mission.Saketini's was open pretty late so we made stop over here.  We got a sashimi platter; albacore with crab roll; and a few other things.  The albacore with crab roll (forgot name) was very delicious.  Some of the sashimi peaces were good; but some were not as great.Overall; we got our fix of sushi at a very late hour.  One thing that drops the rating of the restaurant is we got an automatic 20% tip added on.  We were only a party of two.  I usually leave a pretty good tip; but I do not like it when a restaurant mandates a tip.  A tip is something I feel is up to the customer based on his experience.
THe best gym I have ever had a membership to!! They are so clean; and I feel very comfortable working out. The number of classes they offer are insane!! The locker rooms are fantastic.
I actually checked out the 1 stars to have a laugh.  This is the best Pizza place in the world.  I have been away from Phoenix for at least 3 years and having only visited this place 3 times.... I want to take a plane and go back just to have dinner!Yes Chris I will wait 3 hours in your bar next door just to have the spiedini!  I tell you what --- all of my spiedini's are not even close -- tell me what I am doing wrong and send the salad dressing so I can stop this obsession!When you got it - you got it!  When you are me you beg to come to Phoenix to visit Chris!And I cannot even get close to the dough - so if you are giving out secrets--- ..... darn the plane tickest for a family of 4 are high!---  UgggI just have to wait ...maybe forever.
The drinks and food a Lux are really good (lattes! house-made donuts!); but I definitely don't go there for the service. The employees are never friendly. Not a hello; not a thank you; not even eye contact; half the time. The least you can do is pretend that you appreciate my patronage. Or that you; ya know; see me.
I have to say; this was totally solid. Is it as good as some of the Mexican food you can get here in Arizona? No; but that would be ridiculous to expect from a chain. I shared the enchiladas with my mom and they were really tasty; as were the rice and beans on the side.I came back a few days later just to get some queso dip to go (I'd been craving it; okay?); and while it was pretty good; I wouldn't call it life changing.If you go; definitely get either the mint lemonade or the horchata-- both are great!
This was my first time trying this place and it was on New Years' Eve so it was very empty at 7pm. Decor isn't exciting; but the bathrooms are very clean. The menu has a large variety so there is plenty to choose from. I liked how many of the entrees offer the choice of tofu and seafood; and not just chicken/beef/pork. I ordered the ginger fish with a steamed fillet and my husband ordered the drunken noodles with tofu. We split the fresh rolls and he also got a Thai tea. The food took a little while; but as I was sitting there I was thinking-I bet they are making all this stuff fresh; from scratch. That must have been the case because everything looked and tasted delicious; which made it all worth it.
Not really sure what all the fuss is about.  Perhaps I'm biased ... my girlfriend is from Long Island; NY; and the bagel shops there are incredible.  The customer service here is good and the food is decent; but the prices are a little expensive for what you get; and what you get isn't that great.  Note: if you're going to charge $3 for orange juice; don't take out a cheap carton right in front of me and pour out some orange juice.  At least pretend it's fresh squeezed!  :-)
I really like the flavor and variety that this restaurant had to offer. I really enjoy coming here for the food and some Thai flare. I recommend it. The only thing I would recommend is serving the curry dishes in different styled bowls. I love knowing I can dip my spoon in a deep bowl of curry and spoon out the goodness onto my plate. Good stuff and great work!
Love at first bite! The tacos are amazing; especially the veggie and the carne; and don't miss the flan. This is one of my favorite places to go for happy hour.
It's is the place for sushi in Tempe and south Phoenix. It's priced fair and the fish is so fresh. This is the only place I suggest for sushi in this corner of phoenix.
First time trying Wienerschnitzel. Nothing special to be honest. I've tasted better chili dogs; hot dogs; and burgers from a circus. I guess the best item I had is the chili cheese fries.
Sierra was fabulous!! Professional and knows her stuff. I bought the first dress that I tried because she pegged my style instantly! Not only that; she worked within my budget options and I ended up getting an incredible bargain on an incredible dress. Sierra made the whole experience easy; fun; and a delight. The store should keep her on as long as possible - she is an absolute asset. My only regret is that she probably didn't make much of a commission off of my sale and she deserves a huge bonus!! Thanks so much; Sierra - you've made my wedding day fabulous already!
Not coming here again.... here's why: 1) hour and a half wait for pizza that tastes like Sbarro. 2) Grotesquely overpriced 3)  Stray cats roaming around everywhere outside the restaurant.   Gross.
Omg blueberry muffin moist delicious best ever took two seconds to eat and needed it to be bigger. Also the chocolate espresso bar was beyond words. Took our taste buds to a whole new level. We will be back again and again!
Normally I'm not a big chain restaurant frequenter but I like that the Keg Steakhouse sends me an email where I can get $25 off a birthday dinner. Thus; the husband and I went recently for my birthday and it was delicious. I ordered the Filet Oscar; which is a tenderloin wrapped in bacon and topped with shrimp; scallops and asparagus with béarnaise sauce. Delicious! The steak was medium-rare; which made a tender meal. I normally really like béarnaise sauce but this sauce was overpowering - wish I ordered it on the side. The shrimp and scallops were fantastic though. The husband ordered one of their specials; I can't remember which; but it was steak and it was cooked just right. Both of us got the twice baked potato which is really fluffy with bacon bits. For desert we ordered the Billy Miner Pie. Husband loved the pie. Our waitress was super perky and friendly. She was able to offer different items on the menu and segway into holiday meals without seeming harsh or pushy. Great service!Overall; it's a good time that we enjoy once or twice a year.
The ice cream: It's OK. I learned about the best ice cream while living in Boston. I was in college when Steve Herrell created Steve's Ice Cream in Cambridge; Mass. After a falling out with his partners; he opened Herrell's. Then there was Toscanini's; Emack & Bolio's; Ben & Jerry's; and the ol' reliable Carvel. Sweet Republic has some good recipes; however; where this organization falls short is in their business practices. Their portions are small (I can live with that); but they did something I've NEVER seen before. They charge extra for having your ice cream in a cone!!Not one of the businesses in the first paragraph would have the temerity to charge you extra for having your ice cream in a cone!  While some ice cream shops do charge if you upgrade the cone; they always had a cone that was included in the price. At $4.65 for two small scoops and paying extra $1.00 for the cone; this place is now being run by the accountants. And; for the size of the portions; they're making a killing!!
Just recently found this place.  Amazing Gyros.  The Gyro meat specifically is some of the best in Phoenix.  Chicken on the Greek salads also very tasty.A little bit of a hole in the wall place; but DEFINITELY worth trying!
Stumbled upon this 'hip' - as only a 40yr old can say... coffee lab... And was rewarded with the most beautiful tasting vanilla latte I've ever had.... These folks take their coffee seriously... And they don't burn the beans to death like other ppl we all know! Thank u for setting up in the southwest gate area! Just don't be in a rush... Really Good coffee apparently takes a bit longer! But it's worth it...
Enjoying Friday out for a steak during Bike week and had the pleasure of dining with the four mice that occupy the patio fireplace. The staff was stunned then entertained by the thought. Management didn't seem to care either. Disgusting
Our Whirlpool washer started leaking water so I called My Appliance Guy and Mario the owner promised to be out the next morning and called to let us know he was coming and he was on time!  He quickly found the problem and showed me the issue and explained everything very clearly.  He gave me a reasonable quote and promised to be back later in the day with a part.  Mario returned after calling again to let me know he was on the way and replaced the bad pump. He showed me the old pump and explained why he thought it failed. Also; his actual price was about $25 lower than his quote. A nice surprise.Mario was very kind; prompt and professional.  I will happily use his service again or pass his number onto friends.
A hotel bar that I'd visit even if it wasn't in my hotel? That's a guaranteed 4 stars. I loved the decor; though I'm a sucker for dark woods; low furniture and Edison bulbs. It's all vaguely old-school yet modern. If I had a lot of money; I would design my rec room to look just like this; and throw pretty stellar parties. The drink list was solid; and a lot of care and preparation goes into their specialty cocktails. I can't recall what I had; but if you're anything like me and your three favorite words are Scotch; Rye and Whiskey; then you're sure to find something here on which to imbibe. The beer list wasn't much to talk about; but did I mention the Scotch; rye and whiskey? I was waited on by three different bartenders during my stay; and while one I clicked with more than the others; all three were friendly; knowledgeable and professional. Why no 5 stars? While I enjoyed the place; it didn't totally blow my mind; and I feel like I've been a little too loosey-goosey with my 5 stars lately. Though don't be fooled; I certainly enjoy this place and if I ever get to stay at the Saguaro again; you'll find me bellied up to the bar at Old Town Whiskey.
In its inaugural season it would be hard to call the Phoenix Festival of the Arts anything more than a dismal failure - a mere 40 artists plus some bands and organizations it was under-representative of the Valley's diverse art scene to say the least and yet at the same time it provided me the opportunity to do something I generally avoid; visit a selection of the city's food trucks - a collection of approximately ten which were present when the festival opened at 10am representing everything from lobster to pizza to hot dogs; barbeque; and pie.  Having already made two breakfast stops prior and with plans for Andreoli's Christmas Festival at 2:00pm I knew I'd need to save room and as such I perused the options carefully before settling on a trio...plus one en route back to the car.Starting with the most unique; a food truck concept I certainly never saw in the Midwest and would have never expected in the desert; my first stop of the afternoon was at The Maine Lobster Lady (http://www.mainelobsterlady.com/;) a truck described as A Maine island girl; along with her very own lobster fishin' partner; serving the real deal Maine Lobster from the coast of Maine to the desert southwest! and the menu; service; and accent all hold true to that definition in every way.Priced substantially higher than the average food truck given the quality of the ingredients my selections from The Maine Lobster Lady would be two - the first her signature Maine Lobster Roll with hot buttered lobster chunks served simply on a grilled roll.  Simple; fresh; and loaded with lobster this was about as simple as it gets and although small considering the $17 price tag it would be hard to quibble this quality of crustacean nearly 3;000 miles from its point of origin as it was every bit as good as that in Boston or elsewhere (where; incidentally; Neptune charges a whopping $22 for their roll.)Moving next to a more innovative; though less impressive choice; a $9 cone of Maine Shrimp Puffs arrived as a half dozen hush-puppy sized balls of medium sized Maine shrimp tinged with butter and herbs deep fried to golden and served alongside a zippy garlic aioli.  Tender but a bit too oily for my own personal tastes and with the shrimp far less snappy than the aforementioned lobster the aioli was a welcomed boost - a shot of flavor compensating for an otherwise disappointing dish; next time I think I'd go with the Whole Belly Clams or the lobster mac n' cheese.Good; particularly given the fact that it arrived from a truck in the middle of Phoenix; but pricey at $26 for perhaps a dozen bites of food I see The Maine Lobster Lady as a well conceptualized idea to fill a void; but not someplace I'd seek out unless I really had a craving.
Juan's is a Phoenix staple in my opinion. I moved here from the Northwest about 3 years ago and I've tried just about every Mexican restaurant in the Phoenix downtown area. Juan's is defiantly up there with the best of them; the burritos are awesome and filling; the carne asada is amazing and the tacos are WHOA! I'd recommend this spot to anyone looking for a large; Delicious meal not looking to spend a lot of money (did I mention they were cheap?!?)
I had been looking for a primary care provider when a family friend suggested Dr. Cohen and Healthy Outlook and I am so glad that they did.  While the outside or surrounding area may not be amazing; don't let it fool you.  The lobby has a cool modern look.  Today was the second time I've visited the office and it was a great experience just like my first visit.  I woke up this morning needing to be seen so I called the office thinking I wouldn't be able to get in today; especially being New Year's Eve; but to my pleasant surprise they were able to schedule me in for the afternoon.  I showed up 10 minutes before my scheduled appointment and they took me back shortly there after.  No having to wait a ridiculous extended period of time after my appointment was scheduled; which has happened in other places; but not here.  Once I saw Dr. Cohen she confirmed what my google webmd findings led me to believe I had and prescribed some meds.  I appreciate that she takes the time to explain what's wrong with me and the meds I'll be taking.  I love that I feel comfortable about the whole visit and I've never left feeling like; what'd she just say?
Great store; I do all of my grocery shopping here.  The employees are nice and extremely helpful.
Delicious and great value! I get the gyro combo with the salad every time and you should too!
For our wedding anniversary; we wanted to go to a nice decent restaurant. First thought was Houston's; but my husband's work schedule gets him home a little late. Fortunately I knew Hillstone has the same Hawaiian steak; my hubby's favorite;  plus they were also open later than Houston's. Service was delightful and our server; without mentioning it beforehand; brought out a little dish of some kind of garlicky buttermilk spread. She said it goes well with our cheesy toast appetizer; which it deliciously did! It was also good with my hubby's steak. I had the Thai noodle mango salad with steak; also like Houston's. Simply delicious!
For being pretty much the only shopping mall in the area; this one isn't too shabby!Has all the stores I need:SephoraApple StoreTeavanaNY and CoTorridBath and Body WorksBuild A BearDisneyDecent Food Court:Paradise BakeryChipotleMy Big Fat GreekORANGE JULIUSGreat Steaktypical chinese placesIt's pretty much always busy and parking is a biotch at times; but nowadays where is parking ever easy?
I have used Phoenix Dent Repair on a few occasions over the past four years for my SUV and they have always done a great job! Mark has always been the one to work on my car and is always thorough and on time. I have had offers to fix dents whenever ive taken my car in to get it serviced at the dealership; but they often charge way too much compared to Phoenix Dent and use national companies. I would rather support my local business and I know that Phoenix Dent will always take care of my auto body needs.
Blue 32 is one of my favorite spots. Try the steak tacos; you won't regret it. I like to get fries instead of the rice.
Went with our young kids for a bite to eat after the youth museum. Home-cooking style place (cozy chicken noodle soup; pulled pork sandies were delish with the sweet hot peppers too and sides of mac-n-cheese for the sandies was enough for my 2 kids); also their milk shakes are one of the most generous in terms of ice-cream; ever! Staff was very friendly; place was small; but bright and clean. I would go back if I was in Mesa again.
Pros:Great condition; friendly staff.Cons:Slow pace of play (hour and a half frost delay with hackers in front of us; 15 minute wait own each tee); blind holes with no offering of explanation or tips for proper shot; back 9 borders mountains and walking paths where non golfers are loud and interrupt play frequently as they walk on the golf course; the driver range consists of 5 to 6 stalls made of fake plastic grass where you hit the golf equivalent of Nerf balls; can't drive golf cart to range or in parking lot.  The golf course is cramped and small and ends with par 3 which seems to be because they didn't have enough room for a par 4. Unless you are getting a SMOKING deal or staying at the resort; save your money and go some place else to golf.
I was in charge of our company holiday party.  We like to go to local venues and support the community.  Our party was on a Wednesday which is also 50% off wine bottles - great special.  I had pre-ordered tapas - Catalunya pumpkin; Puerto Rican Plantain; Havana flatbread; Cuban style shrimp; Mushroom stuffed piquillo peppers; Beef Colombian Quesadilla - great choices! We ordered off the menu and were blown away with the presentations by Executive Chef Randy and his team.  We couldn't pass up the delicious desserts - pumpkin flan; chocolate five ways and warm cinnamon donut holes w/warm ganache.  Free valet parking is wonderful especially being downtown Phoenix.  Everyone treated us warmly.  We will be back as a group and indivdually.
Great bagels & bialys! Stop by for a cup of perfect coffee; you won't be disappointed!
Like everyone has said... It is in a crapy location. The food was ok; again like others said SALTY! You almost need to take a diuretic when you get home. They will not substitute anything for you. The first and probably only time there; I got the lunch combo and asked if I could substitute the hot and sour soup for the egg drop. The Asian man started screaming; no subtooshin; no subtooshin; it say no subtooshin. I'm thinking damn; it was only a request. I said ok; then he starts in with hot sour soup very special; feed 6 people; has lots of stuff in it. I said ok; and he again said I no subtoot; you get soup. Ok. Kinda funny when I look back at it. Maybe that is why it was me and one more table for lunch.
A lot of folks bag on chain restaurant and generally; I AM one of those folks; but Macayo's remains consistent and tasty.  It's kind of like a friend-with-benefits.  You're never getting married but every time you hook up; you know exactly what you're going to get.
High priced DOG food. The boneless chicken wings were barely edible and made my stomach gargle for hours. This was the first time in a long time that I was actually concerned about getting violently ill. The bartender was terrible to say the least. Perhaps working New Years day was too much for her. Gallagher's is a sad establishment; with better management and improvements to food quality it could easily become better than Applebees. Management: Stop offering discount wings during happy hour; your staff gets rude to people who order them because they believe they aren't going to get a descent tip; your not helping yourself.
Scheduled an pre-sale used car inspection. Cost me $50 and was very helpful in estimating the condition of the car. Can't say I have extensive experience with Whitey's; but they were friendly; efficient; and informative.
Muy stinky...this place looks pretty nice inside and out but when you first walk in; its hard to hide the fact that the odor is way to strong.  You get used to the smell about 5 minutes inside but that isn't good either.  Anyway; I came here for a breakfast burrito and it was pretty good; the tortilla was homemade which is always a must.  The chorizo was not very runny and did not change the color of the eggs but it was not to bad and probably more healthy.  I walked around and it is similar to the grocery store we used to stop in over at Rocky Point and smell is the same there too.  I wish they could identify that odor and just kill it already since the place is pretty nice inside.
Well; now I get why my family is always stopping here for a treat.  The custard rocks and is amazing.  I was especially impressed that I saw that Rita's supports local PTA's in the area.  Keep up the community involvement; and keep up the great product!Service was friendly too when I went in.  It is always great to see counter help that does not look like they would rather be somewhere else. Work should be fun right?
Friendly; Professional; family owned.  Great Response time also!  On a Saturday!!  Pricing was exceptional as well!!  If you need a plumber; look no further!!  Keep these local Family Owned businesses going.  Give these guys a call!
Went at 9:30 so maybe I should cut them some slack but they were out of all three of their regular pastas. Since I was hankering for pasta I ordered one of the two specials: butternut squash ravioli. The other was lobster vermicelli. The special lacked any kind of balance. It was overly sweet (butternut squash and a brown butter sauce and some sort of bbq pork shreds on top - sweet inside the pasta; covered in sweet sauce; and sprinkled with sweet meat? no; thanks) and all too mushy. Nothing crunchy to add texture. Tried some pizza and it was whatever.
Beautiful theater; very clean; nice art on display; the only thing I wasn't impressed with was the seating; the front two rows are too low; so the stage isn't as visible as it should be.
One of my favorites. Downside; usually a wait but not too long and worth it! It's like eating at grandmas for breakfast; (if she is a good cook); always enjoyed the food staff is very friendly and polite. Prices are extremely reasonable. Their coffee is great too! I love this place!
Food = 3 starsService & Atmo = 5 starsWe came here because of my DD&D's app; which maps out all the places Guy Fieri has visited.  Yes; there's a wait; but not so bad.  They quoted us 25 minutes and we got in in something like 8 minutes.  The tables & chairs are 50's style retro.  Very clean with a fun look.  The place is a little crowded and you'll be sitting almost elbow to elbow with your neighbor; but it's friendly and kind of fun.Gotta say I was pretty disappointed in the French toast with caramelized bananas.  I'm not a big French toast fan but our server encouraged me to order it saying that it was the dish that made them a star on television.  The menu says caramelized bananas but really they aren't.  They are fresh bananas with some very bland homemade caramel sauce on top.  When I mentioned to the waiter that I thought the bananas were supposed to be caramelized; he said; yeah; they're bananas in caramel sauce.   Sorry; but that doesn't qualify as caramelized.... when I told him the caramel sauce wasn't really sweet and was more like a neutral gravy; he again countered the comment and said that customers had complained that they caramel was too sweet so they changed the recipe.... ok; fine; but it doesn't really qualify as caramel when it's almost neutral tasting; barely sweet.Just figured first timers should know this about their signature dish.  The bread was so-so; the caramel sauce isn't sweet like you'd expect and the bananas are fresh sliced.  The dish in my book was pretty bland and not worth spending the calories on.To make it up a very boisterous friendly man; probably the owner; brought me something else and really made it up with his attitude.  Another plus is real maple syrup on the table in a squeeze bottle.Would I come here again?  For the freshly made pancakes which were awesome; yes; but I'm a little skeptical now when eyeing other things on the menu since they are a little loosey goosey with the descriptions... caramelized may not mean caramelized and caramel might mean non buttery gravy.
Airports are generally not fun places to go; but serve a purpose.  I have flown in to this airport multiple times; and have always had a good experience.  Clean; well kept.  Not as extensive shopping and dining as some airports; if that matters to you.  Staff have always been friendly; especially when a member of our party needed to be in a wheelchair.  WiFi is free and worked well for us.  Curbside check-in was efficient.  Nice experience; I don't dread returning here like I do with some major airports.
Huge chicken Wings!! and good PO Boys sandwich.  Great service; very friendly; but the food takes awhile to cook so be prepared to wait..
Came here with my husband the other night for a meal.  It is pretty close to the house.  We typically don't love american mexican food.  To much fat and cheese.  This place was decent- not gourmet by any stretch but you can certainly get your mexican fix here.  What I liked: The salsa.  It was really tasty.  I hope they make it there it had just a great fresh flavor.  The chips were warm and salty to.  What I wasn't a big fan off:  the marg was just meh.  I have had way better.  Only refried  beans?  We like whole and find that most places are now offering a choice.  The flour tortilla didn't taste fresh to me. I might or might not come back.  There is such a selection of mexican food around here that is really really good.
Unless you are a bag-a-zillion-aire you will not want to do ALL your grocery shopping here....However; I am a serious foodie and entertaining diva AND I love to treat myself to lots of things so of course I love AJ's.  I could spend hours in here just looking at all the possibilities......So go ahead and if you love food and like to eat and also always be the one with the stuff people rave about at a party....put a visit to Aj's on your short list.....
I've tried so many of the local Mongolian BBQ places; and though this is the best of the bunch; that's not saying much.  BDs that was in Tempe back awhile ago was the only one I'd go to regularly.  The food choices here are decent; but the service sucks; it smells like urine and BO covered by pine-sol; and they cram too many tables in for it to be pleasant.  The floor literally pulled my shoe off of my foot it was so sticky.  Gross.
I stopped in here to find a supplement that the Muscle Max store next to Gold's didn't have. My husband likes Hi Health because he says it's cheaper than GNC. I went in and found the employees to be very helpful and friendly (without being over-bearing). The store offers a buy one get the second half off for many things in the store; every day. Pretty cool. It wasn't valid on my supplement but was for the liquid vitamin I bought. When I cashed out; the girl gave me some good tips on my supplement that I didn't know before; so I really appreciated that.
This place makes me happy.  I love the purity of it.  Its a super small place; nestled in a retail center next to a water and ice store.  The same staff is always there; including the owner. Service is typically straight forward and gets the job done.  To me; its all about the fresh pasta. I can't seem to steer away from the Bolognese ragu. Its actually pretty light with long pasta and ground meats (7 different kinds?)   My wife usually goes with the gnocchi; which she raves about as well. We tried the bruschetta; definitely go for the fig; goat and prosciutto.  The wine list is very fair. Most bottles are 90+ and around $30-$40.  2 critical thoughts: Remove the As seen on Dives; Diners and Drive-ins on the front sign; let the food stand it for itself. Add fresh grated parmesan instead of the store bought pizza shakers.  Overall; a big fan of this place. Not going to impress a hot date with the ambiance; and can get loud due to small size; but its simply all about the food.
Food was pretty good but somewhat forgetable. They did give us free dessert with Yelp check in... so that was good.
This alteration shop is the best in the east valley. There is nothing these ladies cannot do;  there work is done like a professional.
So; during December my computer died not once; but twice!  The hard drive went out on it; and after trying to get it fixed by a friend; I finally accepted that it was toast.  I wasn't really prepared for this to happen; as I had anticipated it lasting another year before replacing it.  But; such is life; and I guess it was time for the computer to go.Mind you; I've never made a major purchase from Fry's electronics. I've been here in the past  for smaller purchases; but nothing more then here and there. Being that I was in the market again for a computer; and since things have changed since I last purchased a computer several years ago; I needed to refresh myself with what was out there.  (not just computer wise; but even the retail landscape has changed dramatically as well.)I did some shopping around at Costco; Best Buy; and after a friend accompanied me here; I decided that Fry's had the selection and price that I was looking for.  I came in for my purchase on Wednesday night; because their New Years sale was ending. I was down to two computers that I had my eye on; and figured it was time to purchase before the sale ended.The guy who helped me was awesome.  Total tech guy who totally new his stuff.  I was impressed with his knowledge. I showed him the two models that I wanted; and asked him which one would be better for me.  After explaining the differences; he said that either model will do me fine for a laptop; and that the $50 price difference was really up to me. He said that the cheaper model was the way to go; and that for $50 LESS I was not going to see a major speed difference for what I was getting.He went back and grabbed the computer and had it at the register after I finished wandering the store.  He also told me that if I purchased Microsoft I could get it for $89 instead of the $120 that it would cost me if I waited until the 60 days ran out and they charge you. I said that I'm not a huge word user; and would pass.  He was really educated and filled in a LOT of blanks for me that I couldn't have filled in myself.  I had a really positive experience here; and I feel like Fry's is the new Best Buy for me.  Plus; even though Costco has great prices; your on your own with buying and hoping its every thing you need. Plus; I've found that they rotate stock a lot at Costco and what you see today may not be there in a month. (trust me; I tried. The computer I had my eye on in early December there is not for sale through them anymore.  They rotated and put out an entirely different stock when I went back to purchase around New Years.Even tho Costco seems to have a better warranty and tech support offer on their computers then Fry's; their stock rotates to fast and if you don't buy it within a short window of time; you may not get the make and model that you want.Overall; had a great experience here and I would make another computer purchase from Fry's again.
It's not one of the fancy new sparkly clean Frys; but it'll do for a few items like cereal; dairy; and coffee. They recently renovated the produce section so it does look  a lot nicer; although I still find their produce prices higher than the Sprouts down the street. Their organic section is pretty small too. I do find their wine selection to be pretty good. They seem to always get new labels in and if you buy 6 bottles or more they offer an additional savings. Can't beat that!
Four stars; but you pay for four and a half!I was nearly full after the complimentary popover; but the menu gave me the desire to order anyways.  The asparagus was fantastic; very green and flavorful.  I also ordered a fancy $60 Kobe steak which was not as flavorful and tender as I imagined it would be.  I would stick with the regular beef next time and save $30 off the final bill.
A friend and I walked to this restaurant from my house as I am lucky enough for it to be about a mile away.  Very lucky; as the food is fantastic!  We had read the other reviews here on yelp so knew the portions were large and sharable.  We ordered the vegetarian combo with the meat add-ons.  I added the chicken; my friend added a beef dish. When our food came out the chef had included an additional chicken and additional beef dish!  The chicken dish; Doro Wat; was one of the best chicken dishes I have ever eaten; tender chunks of chicken in a reddish wonderfully seasoned sauce with just a little kick to it.  The veggie dishes were excellent too.  I especially liked the Fosolian(green beans with carrots and potatoes) and the Misir Wat lentils.  As mentioned in other reviews the decor is nothing to write home about.  But I don't go to restaurants for the visual experience.  And when the food arrived; we could not have cared less what the place looked like as the food made up for it and any other shortcomings.  But there weren't any others.  The service was polite; helpful; and didn't lurk.  I can't stand when waiters lurk.  We were left to eat our meal and the server was there when we needed something - perfect!  Lastly; the price - very affordable!  We ate until we were stuffed and still took home enough for one more big meal or two small ones.  All for $13.99.  I took a takeout menu and plan to use it often.  Do your tastebuds a favor and try this place!
I'm a long time W fan... and don't mind the chic-hip-AmazzeBalls Vibe this; and other W's; drip in.Checking into W Scottsdale was seamlessly and sincerely appreciated.  To be greeted by aBFaB twins of Ms. Brigitte & Ms. Heidi made me a happy camper.  These ladies attitude and sense of customer service not only left a fantastic impression on me; but made me love W Scottsdale a bit more than other local hip hotels.Will I return?  Yep.... I woooot.
It's a grocery store! A decent one at that. Need I say more?
Basic pizza place downtown with downtown prices. The pizza was good and the guy working was really nice but the music was way too loud for an early Wednesday lunch and I didn't feel like the two slices and soda were worth the $8 price tag.
With proteins accounted for and rounds made of the art show my next stop was dessert and although there were other choices available the only logical choice in my mind was Mamma Toledo's; a spot I'd been meaning to visit since I arrived in Phoenix not only because the name matched my home town but because the eclectic assortment of pies available in three sizes all sounded great - particularly after reading owner/operator Tonya Saidi's roundabout way of arriving at a job she truly seems to love.A small truck - largely a delivery mechanism for pies made at home - the selection of pies at Mamma Toledo's on Saturday morning consisted of six pies; two pie bites; plus a cup o' cake and while every single one sounded good it was the Chocolate Coffee Pie and Carrot Cup o' Cake that immediately caught my attention - an $8 tab that weighed in at a substantial half a pound but far more in terms of quality and flavor.Beginning first with the cup o' cake; I have no idea what carrot to flour ratio Tonya used to make this beautiful item; but with the cake itself dense; bright orange; and sweet while remaining vegetal the self-described Pie baking specialist proved to possess a deft hand with non-pies as well - the cream cheese frosting adding a slight tang without overwhelming and the subtleties of the cake; pretty much everything one could ask from carrot cake and entirely without the nuts or raisins so many others rely on to liven up the mix.Moving next to the pie - let it first be said that if you've not experienced Mamma Toledo's crusts then you should search for her truck right now and order whatever sounds best because no matter what sort of pie you fancy her crusts are superlative- flaky like a croissant; loaded with butter; and crisp enough to support the filling without being 'hard.'  Moving next to the filling; while I can only speak to the single pie I tasted I'll simply say that this was great - a thick pudding of cocoa and espresso with a light cream topping that helped to mellow the bitter notes without overwhelming them at all - the only thing missing was a cup of coffee to wash it down...or maybe some ice cream; either way I can't wait to go back for more.
I came ready to air my grievances and once I was there I forgot I had any! So many doo-dads; crafty creations; sweet temptations and FOOD TRUCKS!!From t-shirts and poster with facetious sayings like I'm a baby duck.  You; YOU; are nothing! and When I look in the mirror I see a unicorn.  A bad ass unicorn...to shirts made of hemp and necklaces with photos hanging on a sari necklace! Then sweet treats like whoopie pies packaged in gorgeous bows and ties what could very easily be found at Tiffany and Co!  Why not buy yourself a gift and unwrap a tamale?  Doctor Hummus is there too...don't pass him by! Live music and picture booths and lavosh and cookies and pies and paletas and...I could go on for days!  The bff and I had a great time and all the other fun loving people there were just that.  We struck up conversations at every booth and left smiling!  This is a Phoestivus for the rest of us!
this location has officially closed as of december 31; 2012!!
I love; LOve; LOVE this place! It reminds me of the old Barcelona and has become my home away from home. Dimly lit and all sexy. This is the place to see and be seen. With numerous themes and give aways nightly. A friendly mature crowd inhibits this space; so your sexy dress up clothes are encouraged. PLUS; I have yet to witness or be groped by the disgusting rump humpers. (you know what I'm talking about; ladies...) But instead; have had many a good conversations and made some very good friends here. (Maybe they are catching on to my celebrity status as a regular.. I mean Valuable VIP?? ...Nahh! Hehe)Parking can be a challenge and the door can cause a delay; so plan for it. But; once inside makes for a super cozy almost Miami cabana feel. Imagine complete strangers brushing up against eachother 'accidently' in passing and lovers nuzzled up close; lost in conversation and laughter surrounding this large; open; and well ventilated covered patio area containing the massive granite top bar with flat screens dotted along the walls. Inside; are two equally large bars; where live bands take to the stage and perform. The only downer is that the dance floor is on the smaller side and gets very packed! But; if shake it space is limited; there are also pole tables to get up on!TIP: To create your own space and get pampered; reserve a table in the VIP section; you will not be disappointed!The waitress and bar staff probably model in their spare time; because they're GAUWGOUS!! I love the uniforms! But; their service is superior and the drinks are STRONG! They have never let me down; as I have tried almost all of the martinis and mixed drinks; everything has it's own personal finish; edible orchids; apple slices; graham cracker crust rim; gummy bears; glow sticks whatever you want they have it! PLUS; the shaker on the side of your martini will keep the contents cold longer on those hot Arizona nights (they will even make you an alcoholic 'looking' (although; non-alcholic) drink for a fraction of the price! HH is the best time to get in and try their specialty drinks and food. The Margherita and Beef Tenderloin & Portabella flatbreads are a great choice and I am in love with their Fruit and Cheese Plate it's huge and could easily be shared at least 4 ways!Thank you Blue Martini for coming into our lives. Keep up the good work I am totally a fan!
Sanity is the best! City of Surprise is so lucky to have such an upscale salon in their city! Nicole is amazing at her job and runs a Salon how every Salon should be ran!
Great customer service and excellence tinting job will come again
Tessio's is the greasy chessy pizza you die for when thinking of pizza We love this place they cook our pizza right and the Wings are the best.. The pizza is full of flavor..Price is reasonable when ordering the pizza and wings special its cheaper than others..
Order take out here on a pretty constant basis. Great pAd Thai and Thai teas. Great prices too.
Very disappointing. A very unimaginative menu with fair at best food
Thanks Su Vino for contributing to a wonderful afternoon with my goddaughter.  She is an unemployed bartender who recently relocated to Phoenix.  She needed some instruction on wines to complete her resume.  We purchased a Groupon for a wine flight and appetizers.  I was leery after reading some of the reviews.  All I can say is they bent over backwards to assist us; explain things; answer questions; and make this a totally enjoyable experience.  Kudos to our server; Jackie; who really made Melanie feel special.  Their recommendations were spot on.  And the glass of bubbly on the house didn't hurt; either.
My boyfriend and I come here at once or more a week and it always amazing. La Casa Potencia aka the power house skillet is the best. The staff is friendly and remember us every time. Miranda is one of our favorite servers; even when she's not serving us she always takes the time to say hello.
Dr. Milana and his staff made me feel at ease from the moment I walked into the office...which is a big deal for me since I'm usually not that excited about going to the dentist.... ;)I have recommended Arcadia Dentistry to some people at work and they've had good experiences as well.  It's a very nice new office; in a convenient location to boot.
This place is great especially for children's parties. We went there for my granddaughter's 4th birthday and a party of 10. Large; clean and well lit parking area; entrance has several wide glass doors; ordering and pick up areas easy and well defined with plenty of proficient staff; cooking area appeared clean and efficient; dining area was always kept clean and condiment tables always kept fully stocked. Lots of well maintained arcade type games as well as some rides. You can trade in your winning ticket stubs for some nice prizes at the toy store. Some TVs scattered through out the dining area. You place your order and you receive a beeper to notify you when your pizza is ready. If you have numerous pizzas for a large party the friendly staff will assist you with no hesitation. We all had a good time and the pizzas and wings were good too! BTW you can reserve a table and order in advance if you would like.  Just walk in and the party is on! I feel like I am doing a paid promotion for Peter Piper Pizza but I am not...this actually happened yesterday @ 6:00 pm.! Thanks Peter Piper!
Great service as soon as you walked into the door; as well as when you leave. The decor was very cute; wooden beams and exposed steel; for those who like contemporary (me!). There were three of us; and we each got the soup special of the day (salmon chowder). I was skeptical; I like my salmon either smoked or sushi raw; but this was delicious! My the soup was served with a slice of foccacia bread.We split the beet salad and the pesto pizza. The beet salad was refreshing. The only thing i would do differently is have the goat cheese ball (served on the side of the salad) warmed up. Nothing beats warm goat cheese! The pesto pizza was great as well! Had that nice brick-oven-taste to it (thin crust -not burnt; not too thin). This would be a great place for a 1st date luncheon; business lunch; etc!
So good I almost have to go back and lower the ratings of 5 star restaurants just to emphasize that this place isn't playing around.  Service; food; drinks; atmosphere; and location this place had it all. Being the foodies that we are my wife and I picked our hotel in Scottsdale not based on how close it was to the event we were attending but based on the surrounding restaurants. This gastropub did not let us down; we started off with the pork belly it was so tender and perfectly seasoned that I almost contemplated ordering another one for my entree. But the rest of the menu looked so appetizing and our waiter was so enthused about the rest of the food that I went with the duck and my wife went with the restaurant week prix fix menu.
Who knew at the Fashion Square is a very good cafeteria? It's nice that you can see a sample of each platter so you know what to expect.They do pizzas ; soups ; salads ; Sandwiches ; pasta and entrees and the most expensive meal is $13.50 for grilled skirt steak .  They say on their menu that they use cage free eggs; organic  local  (when in season) sustainable foods in season produce . I had their Nicoise Style Salmon Salad . ($12.25) It was delicious. The seasonings were just right ; the salmon was cooked nice everything was good. It was great that the salmon and potatoes were warm . My husband had the Cilantro Lime Chicken salad . He said it was very good but seemed a little light for him so I gave him most of my potatoes ; eggs and some salmon .The only down sides of cafeteria dining were if you are with packages it's hard to hold a tray and if your meal is all cold they hand you your platter and the hot items are ran out to you so you might not get your meals together.
I'm not familiar with the theater; but this was a really nice experience for me and my family. The stage is kind of small and intimate; but the balcony is really roomy and nice. The exterior is really pretty and old and full of character.
I've got to stop there in 2013.I just passed it for years; west bound home or sometimes stopped across at The Blues.I got to make time with a cab; because it is right on traffic lane & cops eye vehicles parked. Mine does stand-out!It's a promise :)
Great people and even better food!
I ate at chino Bandido a few months ago and the food was not that good. A friend of mine invited me to go and the food was not that good like I said; but the surroundings were very nice the place was decorated all around but the decorations were a little messy but the surrounding were good. The waiting took about 5 mins. long I would of liked them to bring it to us but  I also like  that you get to sample the food before you order I forgot what I got but I'm going there on new years for lunch with some of my family but if we do not go there I hope we go somewhere special and I will post a review on that place too; so; check out the review on swencens it was a good ice cream place but I'm sorry if you did not get to go there cause it kinda closed down it was really good post on it if you find another one in phoenix Arizona
My wife and I have been to this place twice now and the pizza and the service were excellent both times!  We have gotten the pesto and veggies pizza and added chicken breast and artichokes. The waiter was the same both times and was excellent...
I like this place. I like the pan pizza and can always find something on the menu since it is a very extensive menu.
I was never very adventurous when it came to food. Even when I was a high school student studying Japanese; I was always too afraid to even try sushi. Thank goodness a woman with a more sophisticated palate than my own came along to show me the error of my ways!Tucked away in a little shopping center off of 90th in Scottsdale; Hiro is another one of the many great places around town that you'd miss if you weren't actually looking for it...so pay attention!Hiro Sushi is only open for lunch and dinner. I know...of course it's not open for breakfast...but between lunch and dinner the restaurant actually closes down. So; be sure and pay attention to the hours of operation; as you might miss your opportunity to enjoy awesome place!Having been to a few different sushi places to date; I would have to say that that Hiro is my favorite. At some places; they have a conveyor belt that brings different dishes around for you to enjoy. Although I do enjoy those places as well; Hiro has a more traditional Japanese feel to it. It's more authentic than gimmicky. Since we were with our daughter; we ended up sitting at a table. While we were waiting for our food; I noticed that there was a sushi bar where you could sit and see all of the different foods. I also noticed that the sushi chefs were very chatty and involved with the patrons seated in front of them. Next time; I think we'll find a sitter for a little while...THAT would be the full Japanese experience.The menu itself is pretty extensive. They have Fill-in-the-Blank Rolls of all different types. So; if you're a veteran to the different styles of sushi or if you're a rookie who is looking to safely expand their horizons a little bit; the menu will undoubtedly have something you'll enjoy.The location itself is actually kind of small inside. The tables are pretty close together; so if you happen to be there while other people are eating; it's almost as if you were having lunch/dinner with them. That's the only negative thing I could find about this place; because the food and the service were awesome!
Good decor;'fast and friendly service; amazing bathrooms...el Rey sandwich lacked flavor but amazing idea...I would go here again to try something else;
Tried a couple items off their menu... Started with the seaweed salad which was flavored well. The udon was very yummy with the seafood; not too fishy and the noodles were cooked well; not too soft like I experience at most places. We also had the Korean BBq which is definitely worth trying but as I recall it was a little pricey for the quantity. Didn't try the Sushi yet; maybe next time. We went on a Wednesday night and were the only ones in the whole restaurant :( It's a nice restaurant but I think its just a little hard to find; located in a poorly lit strip mall (we went at night). Will be back!
Ever go on a first date and get all starry eyed and think; This could be it! This could be The One! and then it goes downhill from there and you can barely remember why you thought the person was so wonderful? That's my experience with Mimita's.First impression: Cute and clean; a good start. So many ethnic joints are plagued with decades-old spills on the carpet and dingy walls. This one; while it will win no design prize; at least got a little gussied up. I could like this; I told myself.We started with the sampler plate; and my first bite of beef empanada was bliss. I declared; I could eat ten of these!; and I should have. I should not have ingested the grease-soaked; salt-coated plantain chips. Nor should I have indulged in the deep fried yucca. Or any of the other fried bites. Ever the optimist; I thought things would improve. I dug into the Cubano with reckless abandon. I really wanted this to be A Great Sandwich; but instead; I felt I could do better with my panini maker at home. The meat was chewy; the bread was insignificant and the mustard was overwhelming. Whether summing up a date or a meal; it's never a good sign when you say; I can do this better by myself at home.I hate to compare Mimita's to a former love; but there's no avoiding it. The ropa vieja; a favorite specialty of mine; was a letdown: Havana Cafe's is far superior.All that said; I still would have given three stars if it weren't for how I felt later that day. A bad bout of in-di-GEST-ion crept up; with the fried sampler plate plaguing me throughout the evening. Stop calling me!; I wanted to say; I don't want to go out again! Mimita's will not get a second chance; sorry to say.
We found ourselves stranded in Phoenix on our way to Dallas for Christmas; and instead of waiting 4 hours on hold; I dialed up Marriott; my favorite hotel chain (well; other than the Four Seasons; but let's be reasonable).  Phil was super friendly; gave me a great rate; even got the shuttle driver to head our way immediately.  He was kind and upgraded us; even though we were only there for a few hours to sleep.  The hotel was clean and comfortable; and it was just what we weary travelers needed.  Marriott never disappoints me!
Great Chicago style food!  My boyfriend and I came here for dinner and we were pleasantly surprised by how authentic the food was.  He and I are both from Chicago so we each ordered a Chicago dish.  I got the hot dog (Vienna Beef yum!) and he got the Italian beef sandwich.  He LOVED his sandwich and was surprised that they actually had giardiniera peppers (most places here have no idea what they even are).They lost a star for service though. They are very slow; but they are new so hopefully that can be improved.  Also; skip the cheese fries; they were pretty soggy and bland.
Food City has the absolute BEST prices on produce that I've ever seen anywhere in AZ; CA; or HI. When I first saw the Wednesday circular advertising avocados 5/$.99 and 8 lbs. of roma tomatoes for $.99; I knew that there had to be a catch. I scurried down to Avondale as fast as my little honda could take me; and alas; the ad was real; and I scored 4 massive bags of produce for a whopping.... $12. You have to buy what's on sale; and I haven't bought much here other than produce; as I don't find their grocery prices to be outstanding; but for fruits and veggies; there's no better place IMHO. As an added bonus; with all of the Mexican music playing throughout the store; I'm learning a little bit of Spanish. Ole!
The only dark chocolate I eat is See's. The candy is phenomenal. The service at this location is always good. I find that if I have small children with me; we get more samples. When it's just me; they stick to that one sample per person rule. I don't mind; one sample is better than none.
I walked in about 6 PM on Friday and this place was packed.  I found a seat at the end of the bar near the TV and I was good to go.I started out with their Irish Red beer.  It tasted very good and I liked it a little better than the cream ale that I had later.I ordered the capicola pizza and it was very spicy and flavorful.  I'm not 100% sure I totally like the crust but overall I enjoyed my meal.It looks like Fate will be a success!
Some of the best fast food Chinese food I have had in a long time. The Resturant was very clean and had a nice look to it. I had the Mongolian Beef is was very tasty and it was a good value as well. The people working were very polite.
I'm from the bay & visiting family when I had a japenese food craving. The atmosphere was great; the prices excellent & the food superb. The monkey balls & udon were delicious. Service was prompt. I will definitely eat here when I visit again!
Excellent food. Love The Thai Basil Signature dish.
Everything I tried here was delicious. The tacos; the torta; the chilaquiles wow. I highly recommend their tacos my favorite are the shrimp ones. Service is okay depends who you get; but they try. The restaurant has local artists' art displayes which they told me changes every quarter.
One of my go to spots for pizza.  Had a wonderful afternoon with good food and drink with a wonderful friend.  It was quiet because it was Sunday so we had a great opportunity to catch up.  The small ceasar salad was fresh and large enough to share.  The BBQ Chicken pizza was amazing as always.
As good as it gets.  Amazing food; though very different.  I will be back.  The salsa was very unusual but I would have to say the best I have ever had.  Interesting decor and service was fabulous.  If you are at Phx Children's hospital go try it out its a short distance.
Great service - lots of staff; everyone checks on you including mgnt.  Probably the best fried chicken I've ever had.  Waffles were pretty good; Kool-Aid was a little sweet; but terrific and nostalgic.  Excellent decor as well.  I'll be back and I'm bringing friends.
Went in for a small purchase (just needed to pay; advice not required). Two cashiers fully occupied problem solving for customers; had to call for a manager 3 times before he sauntered out. 7 customers waiting in line to pay. Finally gave up; put the items back on the shelf and left.Next day; my wife goes in and experiences the same incredible lack of retail customer service.This place should just close its doors to non-contractor customers; as they sure haven't a clue about what it takes. That; taken with their bankers hours and closure on Sundays sends a clear message that Home Depot / Lowe's is a better place to go.
This place in fantastic they pay attention to every detail from ingredient selection; perpetration; food pairings and customer service. I have food allergies and the head chef will take time to discuss any of the dishes with me. Several time they know the ingrdients as well as the name of the farm the ingredients come from.And Let me say all of this show up in the food. The sandwiches are some of the best I have had anywhere certainly the best in Arizona.
Excellent service; and excellent food! Trusted our server & took all of his suggestions ... our meal was amazing. Even the sides of mushrooms & sweet potatoes were fantastic. Impressed that the manager came by to ask if we were having a nice time. When she found out we were celebrating a birthday; out came the most amazing dessert! Thanks; Roka Akor; we'll be back!
My family and I really enjoy this fun little shop!  Frozen yogurt shops are all over; but this place is different.  They have a few TVs going with movies for the kids.  Cool race car tables and seats for the adults.  I think they have the other shops in Surprise beat in terms of the variety of flavors; but lack a little in the toppings realm.  Overall this is still a great little shop and always my first choice when the FroYo bug bites!
I really wanted to like this place because I live within walking distance and I love sushi. One problem: there were little bones in my sushi roll. If I'm paying $14 for a roll; I feel like there shouldn't be bones in it; call me crazy. Otherwise it was ok; a little pricey and the service was nothing special. Won't be coming back unless someone else really wants to.
My Mother and Daughter and I went to Beaver Choice for lunch.  We arrived at 2 o'clock.  They made no mention of the fact they were closing at 2:30.  We ordered; waited (a lengthy wait) for our food and began to eat.  About 8 minutes later a young man comes to the table and offers us boxes; telling us we MUST leave since they are going to have a meeting! WHAT? We just spent 25 dollars and we are being kicked out?  We tried to scarf some food quickly (my Mother is elderly and cant really eat in the car) as they were pulling the food and napkins and drinks off of our table.  This had to be the rudest experience EVER in my 42 years.  The food was NOT great and they charge extra for ANYTHING; like 50 cents to add mayo; without letting me know they were adding an extra charge for mayo.  WE WILL NEVER GO BACK!
Worst service and mediocre food. After being seated; we waited over an hour and waitress never came back to take our order. We had to ask another waitress to serve us and might I add that this place was empty for a Saturday night. I will NEVER come back! Also; the food taste like it was warmed up in the microwave. Avoid Gallagher's at all costs!!
I go here and get my fruits and veggies;and they aren't covered in that waxy crap that you find on the stuff at Wal-Mart and Fry's. Low prices on produce.
its not one we go to a lot since there is one closer to us however i needed to go to this one to get my daughter the Minnie mouse bowtie kitchenette that all the other targets were sold out... i put the item on hold that same day and when i went to pick it up after work the guy couldn't find the box... it was in another spot since its bigger and another coworker knew where to find it... the box looked to be opened already and just tapped but it was the only one i could find so i took it home anyways hoping there was nothing broken or missing... when we got home we opened the box and everything was in the original packaging and looked brand new so we didn't have to return the box. Ive been here a few more times and its pretty clean and not very packed like other places. the workers are pretty nice and helpful
We went to Maizie's last night; probably our sixth or seventh trip there.  I love the stuffed pizza burger; it's a pretty amazing take on the classic American burger.  Last night we wanted to try something new so we split the Sonoran Chicken Panini and the Sonoran Stuffed Burger.  Both were excellent.  We have tried several other items from the Buffalo Dip to the Sangria and everything is always good.  Waitstaff is friendly and seem to know everybody while the atmosphere cozy; classic and fun.  I highly recommend; Maizie's is one of my favorite uptown spots.
Filet with wild mushroom sauce was VERY petite (3-4oz) and overcooked. Told server but no offer to correct.  Otherwise food and service pretty good. But we are leaving a tad disappointed.
This Filipino Food was very good and I think most people can find something they like here because we tried three different meats and a tofu dish and all were different all were cooked nicely with good developed flavor. Nothing was spicy or aggressively seasoned and nothing tasted Chinese or Thai that I tried to me but everything we tried had a rich developed flavor. Portions are large prices are very low I think our combo plates were about $6.99 each.This place is VERY CASUAL and is set up sort of like Panda Express. You decide on the kind of plate you want just like at Panda and point to what you want on your plate by looking at the food line or you can order from the pictures on the wall. Next you pay and seat yourself and clean up your tray when you leave. I picked a combo plate so I could try two things. I picked Coconut Chicken and Tofu with vegetables. Both my picks looked familiar like Chinese or Thai dishes to me but neither of them had the seasonings I thought they'd be but the food was still tasty and good. The Chicken was very moist and had great developed flavor from being slow cooked on the bone but they didn't brown the skin so I found the skin unappetizing and had to remove it. That is my only criticism.My husband tried the pork adobo and one of the beef dishes. He said both were very tender and tasty and he'd come here again.This was a fun adventure it was like traveling the world.
It's not easy finding good gluten-free dining in Phoenix. Since the closing of Mandala (about a week after I discovered it; natch) I'd come to the conclusion that I'd just have to deal with the few GF-friendly chain restaurants with their limited options. Then; I found Chakra 4.Not only do I love the food - try the Nutty Rawvacado Dip - but the ambience is casual and relaxing. Perfect for a long weekend lunch. I love their selection of hot and cold soups; and they even offer gluten-free bread (locally baked at Gluten-Free Creations). They are a bit on the pricy side for what amounts to soup; salads; and sandwiches; even if you're not ordering gluten free; but knowing exactly what's in the food I'm eating is important to me and well worth the extra few bucks.
Best Japanese restaurant in Phoenix. Tip: don't get their sushi rolls there; that's kid's stuff. Order from within the menu; or from the tapas menu ($5 items). I recommend the agedashi tofu and kurobuta sausage skewers!Food comes in somewhat small portions so I wouldn't recommend coming here with more than 4 people if you plan on stuffing yourself. I visited here last weekend for my birthday and got the saikyo beef tongue; garlic manila clams; kurobuta sausage; grilled bronzino (Mediterranean sea bass); grilled squid; and a few other things I honestly can't quite remember. Food came out really quick--maybe in under 10 minutes? They also spaced out the time between platters of food to ensure that we'd all enjoy each plate one by one. I appreciate their take on Japanese cuisine; as most places only offer bentos and maki rolls; which gets boring after a while.
Wow!This is an amazing place. I don't normally speak highly about chain restaurants but this is the exception to the rule. We had the kick butt Garlic bread; Lawrence's Original medium thin crust pizza; and an Oreganos Favorite salad.The salad and the garlic bread was amazing but by far my favorite item was the pizza. Friends be warned; one can scarf a whole pizza: no problem! It's that good and that easy to eat.Will definitely be back to go through the rest of the menu!
I often forget about Spatini but don't know why because it is the best deal in town for a gel manicure. Because I am so last minute; I will check the schedule online and book within the same day or next. Case in point; today I decided I absolutely needed a manicure for my ragged nails. There was an open slot for 4:15; so I took it. What I love about Jeannie is how fast she is! I had her do a french mani today and I was in and out in a half hour. Note that I did not have any polish on so no soaking or removal involved. Her prices are so good for manis! $20 for a gel manicure and an extra $5 for removal. The asian spot by my job charges $35 for a gel french mani and they tear up my cuticles like crazy. Not Jeannie; she does a fantastic job.
The Mama Spinato's Signiture pizza is the most amazing pizza I have ever had.  I don't even put it in the same catagory as regular pizza.  We can order peperoni pizza or what ever from any place.  But the Mama Spinato's Signiture pizza is speacial; it's like hambergers vs steak.  I love pizza but this place takes it to a whole new level.  Lucky me there is one by the house and by my work.
Never disappoints.. Today I had a work lunch and ordered the appetizer #2 Goi Cuon.. (Grilled pork; shrimp; and vegetable spring rolls) a Vietnamese iced coffee; and for my entree I can haz #39 Com Dac Biet So 2 (grilled pork tenderloin and beef with fried vegetable rice) instead of the eggroll I asked for a fried egg.. It was all amazing. And the selection of condiments such as hoisin; sriracha; and chili paste can make it even more flavorful.
The previous reviews about feeling like they were pushing you out of the place are accurate. Split a salad with my friend and the french dip came before we were halfway done with the salad. Not cool. Also french dip was not hot. I tried it right when it got there to check. Nothing to write home about. I much prefer Chelsie's Kitchens food; service; patio etc. Probably won't go back.
Nice waitresses. Fun place for old people;  food isn't special.
Great Service experience POOR SOUP EXPERIENCE. This location offers a friendly service experience. I can't believe that fresh made soup should taste like they dumped the whole salt shaker in the bowl. The soup was also short on chicken and vegetables; it was mostly broth. I like the place; but with the poor soup quality. It was my first and last experience. I would choose Paradise Bakery for soup over Zupas
This is an outlet JC Penny!  The selection is limited.  However; everything is marked down.  I've purchased some things here; returned some things here; and they are easy to work with.
There are things about Mazie's that I just love. Like the sandwiches; expecially the turkado... It is exactly what it sounds like and delish. The breakfast burrito is amazing and covered in gravy. The benedict plates are okay. The hollandaise isn't my favourite and the eggs aren't poached... sad face. But so far... Everything else I have had there has been pretty amazing. Breakfast pizza has an egg on it... EGG! (If you like your eggs runny; order them sunny side up. The over easy eggs were overcooked) Also I love the sweet potato fries here. My favourite! The wait staff is always super friendly. Always quick to pick up plates and refill glasses. I love the ambiance. Lovely little signage hanging on the wine rack: Wine a little; you'll feel better. Thought that was really rad. There's not much else I can say about Mazie's that hasn't been said. Cool place to grab brunch or watch some football at the bar.
unusual menu; wonderful locale (outside patio on a sunday morning for brunch); great food; excellent service...
Every city needs a place where middle-income-ish people can buy wedding gifts for their friends who want something a little funky and unusual but who aren't so far out there that they expect their presents to be hand-felted from dryer lint. The Secret Village is that place. The kitchen-y section in the east building is a scene of major housewares lust; and it's mostly the ha; you'll think I got this in a little shop in Paris! sort of dishes rather than the fine china; once a year dishes. The west building has the cards you'll need in wrapping presents for your nuptials-bound friends who get the dishes. The back building is where the boho gifts and tchotchkes live -- upon close examination; the stock is more mass-produced and less exotic than even at the much-lamented Green Woodpecker but since there's nowhere else in Phoenix to even think of finding weird bits of items; how picky can one be?Go make your friends have celebrations so you can buy them coffee mugs here.
Atlas Bistro is my favorite place to dine in Scottsdale. The entire experience is pleasant and warm. I worked with Todd; the owner; ahead of time to prepare a menu for 15 people. He was very responsive and worked hard to make sure we were all satisfied in the end.Some highlights:Fluke crudo - fresh and refreshing. Paired with grapefruit which added a bit of (welcomed) acidity to the fishSeabass - served with  a butternut risotto which was just fantastic. Not creamy and heavy like most risottos. The carrots and leeks were also cooked to perfection.  Sticky Toffee Date Cake - yum. very strong flavors...and I thought the whipped cream served with it was ice cream! What a great way to end the meal.The wine shop next door is such a good idea. The selection is decent and its pretty easy to pick a bottle or two out and walk through the doors and be seated. Service is great; the waitstaff is friendly and attentive.All in all; perfect execution and with 15 people; that isn't an easy thing to achieve.
Great First Day Hike for 2013!  Usually run/hike Camelback; McDowell; and Piestewa which are moderate to difficult but this trail is short; easy and beautiful.
This is one I was really hoping to like since it's cheap; the menu sounded good; we've had some great meals at their sister restaurant Bellagios and it's not far from us but there were just too many issues.We went on a weekday for dinner and it was completely empty; I'll grant them we were there early around 5:30pm but that's always a bit off putting to me. The staff was polite but awkward since they had nothing to do.Now for the food my husband had the cheese steak which was quite tasty but had about half the meat as the one pictured on here. We're firm believers this is a sandwich that should be piled high.My mother had the mt view dog and she enjoyed it; this was definitely the best portioned meal ; but the chili seemed more canned than homemade.I had sour cream and chive burger and this is probably where the biggest complaint is. It was a total failure; the cold but buttered/greased bread was disgusting but it matched the barely thawed pre-made onion straws; the cold cream cheese was a glob that fell off the limp bread. Maybe this was a cold sandwich style burger but without a warning it's not a pleasant surprise. The average burger wasn't enough to save the rest of this.The mesquite fries were delicious . I also really enjoyed the sweet potato fries; the plain shoestring fries were just ok. If you're getting fries the mesquite are a must.I'd like to think this was an off day based on the other reviews but unfortunately there are so many great restaurants out there that we'll going elsewhere.
This place is wonderful.  First went to the visitor's center; where they couldn't have been more friendly and helpful. Maps; tour of their snakes; helpful tips; etc. Even bought a t-shirt and hat because the vibe was so good (plus a fuschia women-cut v-neck AND awesome owl hat? whoever is buying for this place is doing a good job).Hubby and kids used the archery range while I hiked the Wind Cave trail. We were all happy-as-clams when we finished up and decided we need to come back here again and again.
The pizza was fantastic and most of the beers were pretty good.   The smoked porter was my favorite.   The menu is a bit thin and could be due to the place testing out the kitchen.  It would be nice to see more than one appetizer and pairing suggestions would be a nice addition.   A partnership with the BBQ joint next door could add a new dynamic; like braising the BBQ meats with the smoked porter.  The service staff was prompt and friendly; even with a good crowd in the house.  If you've been curious about this place; definitely check it out.
I'm sorry; but this place is a total ripoff for lunch.  If not for people using their corporate Amex cards while being stranded on the island; this place would have no chance.  This cheeseburger and fries combo is not worth $15.  It just isn't.  And the service doesn't warrant the markup; either.
I've been back a few times and had great service and delicious food.  I think most restaurants struggle in the first month.  I would recommend the Arrogant Butcher to anyone headed Downtown for dinner.  The pretzels with fondue are my fave.  The cheeseburger is great; too.
Flo's Asian Kitchen...?  Where is the Asian food?  The food had no flavor whatsoever!  It makes the ultra gross chain restaurant PF Changs seem like Asian food in my opinion.  Not to mention this Asian restaurant is extremely overpriced!  I know this is Scottsdale; but come on.  Makes me miss California more and more...
After living in Cali for nearly 10 years; this place is as good as it gets. The staff is usually quite friendly; the selection is always good; the produce is always fresh (and cheap)I still miss 99 Ranch and SF/SG Market in Cali; but this is as close as you can get in AZ.
Pharmacy people are always friendly
I'd give it one star; but I should've realized it would be hard to find 'French' cuisine in the Southwest. What I got served doesn't qualify as 'French'. The place is cramped and the seating is ill inspired; to say the least. In order to make room for more seats; table space is sacrificed; along with enough elbow room to fit a regular-sized individual. Romantic? Don't think so; unless your idea of romance is sharing a 12X15 room with about 20 other diners. If so; you should look into a bistro; and pay bistro prices. I don't recommend this to anyone looking for either a meal; or a deal. Good luck with the parking!
Very cute outdoor mall. Just the right ratio of shops and restaurants. Plenty of parking; so don't be afraid to park out there and walk in.
Waitresses were nice and had smiles at first. The cook brought out our soups and forced them on the table in front of us even though we were still eating our spring rolls. When she reached across to put down my girlfriends soup; her arm rubbed on my spring roll! The manager/owner refused to give me a discount. She said she could give us another spring roll and I agreed. When she went into the kitchen she told the employees what i said and all the staff looked out of the kitchen at us. That was very rude. They were not as friendly after that. The soup was good and the egg rolls were fair. Looking for another Vietnamese restaurant.
This place will not disappoint... You can't go wrong with anything on the menu. My favorite is the sampler platter because you get a variety. The restaurant is always clean; the workers are very friendly and the whole dining experience was a plus. I recommend this place to everyone
Fantastic! I have eaten here twice now and honestly can't wait to go back. The flavors have been great both times and the servers are very willing to help with decisions or provide more details about anything. I really feel that you get a value for your money in both food and drinks. What I appreciated most though; is that both times the manager on duty came by and didn't just ask the usual 'how was everything?'; but instead took a genuine interest in creating conversation about the experience and what bought us in. It was the effort that really gave everything 5 stars!
Really nice people.  The food is ok.  I thought it would be better.  Everyone's taste in Italian food is different though
Disorganized lines at check-in. Old plane seats that reminded me of times when I flew with family when I was like 8 years old. Bored-looking flight attendants.Here's a story: I've never been so frightened by an airline associate in my life. While I was up getting checked in; a TSA officer approached the associate helping me; a tired looking older Asian lady; with a customer whose son had booked the wrong flight for him. The TSA officer explained the situation and asked the associate to help fix the problem. My associate claimed it wasn't her fault. The two proceeded to bicker back and forth with increasing volume and attitude until everyone in the general vicinity had stopped to listen to them yell at each other about good customer service and yadayada. When the TSA officer stormed off and the associate turned back to me; I thought she was going to bite my head off.Anywho; luckily none of my flights were delayed or rudely handled like some of the over reviewers I see here; so extra gold star. But I will avoid US Airways from now on.
Two appetizers; two entrees and an alcoholic drink for under $40. The soba w/ buckwheat noodles... delicious and gluten-free. I'm in heaven.
Was here for NYE and my birthday celebration; bf explained it was my bday upon making reservation.  It was a little more casual than expected but that was fine.  Server Laura; with long blonde hair and big silver circle earrings took her time getting us started.  We ordered a bottle of champagne on the menu and she said I don't know if we have that.  Then she proceeded to flip through our menu on the table to see what they had; clearly unfamiliar with their offerings.  Hmm. NYE you would think you would know what bubbly you have..just sayin'.....She then brought a tiny bottle of sparkling sake and my bf politely asked; Um; is that champagne?  She looked at it then realizing her mistake; rushed off to get what we ordered and said it was my mistake and the bar's.We started with a tuna and poke appetizer which was good; it had truffle oil and served on tortilla chips which was a nice crunchy contrast.  The sauce was really sweet and almost too much as you could barely taste the truffle oil even though you could smell it.  Next the tuna in the spicy tuna roll was brown(?) and not spicy; must have been with a mild soy sauce; and accompanied by only cucumber inside.  This was my least favorite.  The rainbow roll was good and what we expected; albacore sashimi was good but not the best I have had.  Sunshine roll had tuna with a mango sauce that was a refreshing fruit sauce to the palate since most of our rolls were sweet; salty; and or creamy/rich.  The baked scallop roll was okay; too much mayo in the overcooked scallops and was drenched in eel sauce.  The creamy baked lobster roll was the best; with lobster tempura on top of the roll with eel sauce.  Lobster was cooked just right.  I really wanted a lava cake for my bday but she said they were out which was disappointingly surprising since it was early; like 9:30 ish.  So we said we didn't need anything else (code for you can bring the check)  but still waited for the bill. No luck so I put my coat on as a hint. Still nothing so we started looking around as a sign and even had bf put his bright red debit on the table for her to see...still waiting.  Finally had bf take his card to her.  Sub par service considering the restaurant was not even full and she clearly wasn't busy.  Food was good but not memorable.  Service below average and unlikely to return.  She never even wished me happy birthday.
Desert Dragon/All the Hands is a clay studio unlike no other. The studio is built on a one acre (about) property on a dirt road just off Happy Valley. If you look closely; right when you get off the paved road; you can spot the painted dragon on a 2 story house. This will be to the right of the road; first walled in property to the right. You'll know you're at the right place because you might see some pottery cemented to the top of the wall at the entrance. There is plenty of parking right on the premises. The studio is the building to the left. The door to the studio faces the entrance to the property. The studio itself is more or less split in half; one side for building clay; the other side for applying glaze. In the back of the studio are the firing areas. There you'll find the kilns; including a large high fire kiln; some raku kilns and other specialty firing kilns. There is always a LOT of new students when groupon is offered. Besides the potter's wheels; 'dirty hands' is also offered. You're provided a good hunk of clay and are offered some great instruction on hand building techniques.There are lots of pricing tiers offered; up to and including Open Studio. Overall; the teaching staff is very supportive; knowledgeable and will do what they can to support your creative vision. Most of the 'regulars' are actually very friendly and are usually very happy to provide assistance. The atmosphere is very free and open. Like someone has already mentioned; wear your play clothes and be prepared to get dirty.
We've done CPK before; but this was our first visit here.  We had a sync special through our credit card (we synced elsewhere on the web and this deal was loaded onto our card by the credit company).  So we paid a visit!The pizza was as good as I remember.  And as small.  I love the spicy Sicilian; even if it is thin crust. The food came fast. And even though we had to ask for more bread; the service was good.  There were three of us; and we finished 1.5 pizzas (the Sicilian; and a mushroom; sausage and pepperoni).  The pizzas are just a bit small.  But the flavor is very good.One complaint would be that the bread service was cold.  I like my bread warm from the oven!  The bread was good; but warm would have been better.
Awesome service throughout our visit! Super friendly staff. They seriously have a little bit of everything. I highly recommend this place. Very clean and well designed. The sushi chef even came to our table to talk to us :)Prices: $1.00; $1.50; $2.00; $3.00 and $5 plates. Below is a small list of the items found on the conveyor belt.Food: classic nigiri types; soy paper rolls; fruit bowls; vegetable bowls; specialty rolls; dessert plates; fruit cups; yogurt cups; edamame Drinks: ramune; apple juice; pineapple juice; orange juice; mixed fruit juiceThe only reason why I did not give them 5 stars is because they were out of a lot of things that I wanted to order off of the menu. Even upon my second visit a couple weeks later they did not have the items in stock yet :(
Very close to my house; good seating and not overly crowded on most vists; its cheaper than AMC and family likes going here because of the nearby business
It's a multi-plex. They are all about the same. The reason for the 2 stars:-- How did going to the movies cost $32.75? (2 tickets; 1 large popcorn [which is actually very small] and 1 water).-- They don't have soda alternatives... like; let's say; iced tea. They have fruit punch with the large beverage free refill products... but that's loaded with sugar. Ewe. I had no option but the purchase a water. With no refills.-- The restrooms were a disaster.
I'm upgrading them to 5 stars. Had a HELL of a time downing Goulets and other wonderful concoctions made up by our gracious bartender; 'Chele who took great care of us artfully mixing alcoholic wonders for us. I am sad to hear that she's leaving because you could not ask for a better bartender.Throw in some great food (Swedish Meatballs; Soft Pretzel Sticks; Sliders) and an appearance by Mob Wives for some fake reality; I think I've found my bar in Scottsdale.My head and liver regretted it the next morning; but it was a great time!
I don't shop here often but have stopped in to pick up race packets from time to time and like how I'm always acknowledged and asked about my running and training. If I lived closer to one of their locations valley wide; I'm certain I'd become regular customer. For those of you that do; I highly recommend Sole Sports Running Zone. Cheers***
I was skeptical about the hipster vibe; but at the same time; hipsters do enjoy some tasty food.I went with my husband and a friend; and we all had to order the bananas foster french toast.OH MY SHIT.  BEST FRENCH TOAST EVER.  NO COMPARISON.So gooey and thick and buttery and sweet and...I have to stop before I drool on my computer.
I've played this course before and enjoyed it.  Just booked another weekend stay there along with other family (3 units total); planning to play another round here.  While it was too early for us to book the teetime when we booked the stay; the resort went ahead and booked a Saturday tournament so that none of the guests could play on that Saturday; which is a primary reason we chose to book at the Legacy.  They told me to book at a nearby golf course; but the cost was over $20 more per player; and not onsite!  Keep this in mind when you're considering your options.
I loooove Copper Blues! They have TONS of beers on tap and they frequently bring in local bands. They really make efforts to keep things interesting here by participating in local events and all of the live music. The food is decent and I love the huge windows on the patio--it makes me feel like I'm sitting outside.
Off the Grid is the perfect place to get your butt in shape for the new year!  If you're  looking for a new exercise experience try TRX suspension training.  I loved it so much I became a member.  There are a variety of other classes too so you'll never get bored - Pilates - Power Cycling - Boot Camp - Kickboxing - Boxing - Kettlebell training.  The equipment is cutting edge and the self powered curve treadmills burn 30% more calories than normal motorized treadmills.  It is a fun; neighborhood environment; and even at peak hours there is no wait for machines and the classes aren't crowded.  Eric (the owner) is always there to help you reach your goals and offers personal training and nutrition counseling as well.  Hands down; best gym in Scottsdale... check it out!
I love this place!!  It is a little too pricey for me to go too often; though.  Sometimes I will go here when I feel like I deserve a nice night out.  I have never been to Chicago; but I have had plenty of Chicago style pizza.  This is my favorite Chicago style pizza out of all I've ever had.  I also saw an employee from here wearing their work shirt out at a place I worked at.   I told them that I love their pizza; and the man looked so happy that I said that.  You can tell the workers take pride in their pizza and appreciate their customers.  :)  There's nothing like the feeling of eating somewhere that you feel appreciated at.  I highly recommend trying this sometime. :)
Nick's Italian is a small; quaint restaurant with friendly staff and great service. The food was excellent. I tried Nick's house salad (which is made with no lettuce) and the pizza. My husband tried the chicken parmesan. Both dishes were great. I am glad we decided to eat later than intended; because when we arrived at 8:30 it was still very busy. But; I can see why with such a great atmosphere and wonderful food. It's definitely worth the wait. I will be going back to try their homemade ravioli! Cheers!
I really like this spot for pie.   Not a big space and the atmosphere is just ok.   The pies are not cheap and not huge but they are made with quality ingredients.   Personal favorite is the solo misto with the smokey ham and egg.  We LOVE egg on are pizza and add it to the other ones too.  Last night we tried the Greek pie.  I wasn't a fan but my son and husband really liked it.   I'm not a huge fan of white pies.   They have a better then decent wine list for a small joint.   This place is sort of hidden in a strip mall.  It is worth seeking it out.
I've been to this location twice; and both times dealt with horrible service. Not only were our servers apathetic and ignorant of the menu; they were both unapologetically rude. She messed up almost all of our orders; and didn't even seem to care. I am usually very carefree when I go out to a sports bar; but it was starting to seriously annoy me. It's too bad; because the other BWW I used to go to in the north valley always had great service. But; this location needs serious employee restructuring.
This place is great; Always clean and busy. They work as a team to take care of their guest. We enjoy coming here; mostly early sunday mornings before the crowd truly hits. Have the sunday special! Trust me its a must have chipotle egg benedicts; also if you do a rewards card it will keep you coming back and you'll save a couple bucks. We only come for breakfast; so it will be interesting to try late night...I guess on Fridays they have like old historic cars come in and stuff...lol its a neat place. We dig it.. :)
They're nice to you until you sign the bottom line.  Once the transaction is done they are terrible to deal with.  The owner called me a jerk and screamed at me over the phone because of something I was helping them wiht that they screwed up that took several hours out of my day.  He said I was misarable; yet he was the one yelling.  They really don't understand what needs to happen from cradle to grave when buying a car and the process.  I would stay away.  Also; why would anyone want to deal with an owner who can't handle a little pressure.This is my follow up to his comments below:Ladies and Gentlemen; I give you the owner of this place (his reply is below).  I encourage you to listen to that supposed recorded call.  I dare him to share it.  You'll find the first person who started yelling and getting upset what the owner; and not me.  Then to call me an Ass and hang up.  Other than a threat; I would never; regardless of what they said; call a customer of mine an ass and hang up on them (while screaming the whole time).  So you tell me; who's the angry person?  A curtsey call ... that's because I emailed him after picking up what they didn't do to find out if anything else was needed 5 weeks after I purcahsed a car from them.  Go ahead; buy a car from them if this is how you like to be treated.  Also; Sir; I saw in a previous comment threatening to sue someone because of a bad comment.  Let's see if you're all talk or not.  You have all my info; and that recorded call (which I call BS because why would you record a call and scream like a Valley Girl calling me names the whole time.
So Impressed! Amazing Menu! Amazing Atmosphere! Great; fun and lively staff! I always feel welcome here. The patio is wonderful in the cooler months. Right next to the light rail! Rosemary Chicken Sand which; sweet potato fries with a special white sauce is a must have!!!
The pool looks nicer than it used to. Music still sucks.
Talk about customer service -- they emailed me and offered to extend my expired sessions for one year.  Definitely helps; since otherwise those would have gone to waste.  Awesome!
RightSource sucks. stay away! .......Or; get  ready for  claim under review the 800 number is an answering service  based throughout the world. You will get  put on hold. And you finally give up.  And then  claim denied  And then ( drum roll please) It will be dumped in your lap. It's your problem.  Stay away!
I am so fortunate to live near this 36 hole course. The Adobe is a more traditional course with forgiving fairways and greens. The Links course encircles the Biltmore homes and will give you a better challenge with awkward lies and elevated tees. The courses can play very slow so you may want to try playing later in the day. You can't beat the rate if you live in the valley and the course is always in great shape for the amount of play. Staff is extremely friendly and the restaurant offers great food at a reasonable price. I would stay clear of the course on the weekends in the morning. You will play a 5+ hour round.
What??? There's been a Krispy Kreme Donut Shop at Dobson and Main for two weeks and I didn't know about it?? I immediately canceled my errand on University and pulled into the Safeway parking lot. I've been craving a cream filled donut for weeks! But I thought the closest one was at Superstition Springs and I hadn't gotten out that far this trip. Okay; now to enjoy....
I have 3 tattoos; all done by Dub Weir. I'm a retired professional who had to dress and otherwise look the part my entire adult life. I don't need to do that anymore. I met Dub because I met his wife and admired her tattoo which; of course; he did. It's a piece of artwork I would display on my wall. And I show off his work on my body as i would any valuable piece of art in my home.I went to the shop for a consult and was really quite astonished. My daughter and son-in-law were involved with tattooing and body piercing for many years and I have been in many shops. In spite of this family connection; I would not let anyone in any of those places touch me.So; I think that I speak as someone with perhaps a bit more experience in the field than most. Divinity is an art studio. And the work they do is artwork. Each artist paints; or draws; or sculpts; as well as tattoos and their work is displayed all over an immaculately clean shop. And sterility is a priority.The very first tattoo Dub did for me was not the first we planned. I ended up in the ER one day and my living will was tossed and completely ignored. It specifies DNR but they would have kept me alive; even if I was a vegetable...precisely the reason for the DNR order in my living will. So; in the middle of my chest; anyone who attempts CPR will see a 3 by 3 heart with a hand over it and the words DO NOT RESUSCITATE in black capital letters below. I came back from the dead once after an auto accident and I'm not doing that again.The second tattoo is a parody of my Irish Family Crest ( I hold dual citizenship. ) the third is an as yet unfinished sleeve of all the animals who have graced my life. I want to honor them all. Thus far; my right arm has a beautifully arranged; virtually photographic representation of my horse; my first Service Dog - who died after being hit by a truck - my current Service Dog; a female parakeet; named James; and a rescued lab guinea pig named Bob. If I live long enough; my arm will be full.
It's not the best place and not the worst.I am German and moved to the US about 2 years ago.I've been at that place twice.The food was ok; it is not really authentic and it tastes ok.I love pretzels and I was really disappointed in the pretzels they served.Also the second time the waiter gave me the bill with no pen so I could not sign the CreditCard receit. It took me 10 minutes to get a pen for another random customer because non of the waiter had a pen....As said it's not bad; but not really authentic German.
Eh; Jesse and I went in on a whim mid afternoon on the weekend. Place was empty and the decor is lacking. We had good service; never an empty drink. I had strawberry chicken- it was pretty good; not very flavorful but good. Jesse had another spicy chicken dish- OK. Great prices; came out for $17 including a $5 tip. Some people in the restaurant were making lunch meat sandwiches taken from the Pepsi fridge in the front- strange. May order for take out; but not going in again.
I just don't get it. Everybody raves about this place including my friend who brought me. I just didn't think anything was very good. I will give chino bandido another chance eventually; hopefully I have a better experience next time.
My wife and I had lunch at T Cooks twice this weekend.  We visited the second time simply to confirm that it was as good as the first time.  Beautiful ambience; excellent food and service; this place has it all. I had the winter pear salad and the crispy salmon.  My lovely bride ordered the lobster bisque and the chicken salad sandwich.  We each ordered a flight of wines; which is a bargain at $25 and highly recommended.  We shared the dessert tasting (your choice of three small desserts for $8).  They also have a cozy little chef's table for two. T Cook's was the highlight of our weekend in Phoenix!
It's actually the Shell Station now; not sure why they have this. Either way; this is a good place to get inexpensive and quality shell gas.
The staff here is always very friendly and helpful. Unfortunately; they run out of things very quickly. Today they were out of bagels; regular cream cheese; and coffee stoppers before 11 am. It's never fun finding out AFTER you order and pay for something that it's unavailable. I wish their stock was as consistent as their service; but I'm not going in there for the service.
I can here not knowing what to expect. I left full and happy. Many traditional items were on the menu as well as a few specialties. Make sure you get there early or you will have a long wait.
Looking for a new nail place; this was convenient. Very average job though. Got a pedicure. People not that friendly. Place looked average clean. I decided not to get nails done there and probably will not go back.
gotta get - indian fry bread; turkey legs and bbq sandwich
Stopped by today for lunch;as I noticed this location just opened. The service was great'as was our pizza.the decor was cool.lots of t.v.'s and very  clean.the only thing that I didn't like was the overzealous managers coming to our table asking us if everything's o.k. several times by several different managers.ANNOYING!!!!! We also could hear them yelliing at their employees while they were in the kitchen.very unprofessional.felt bad for our server because she did an excellent job;but her managers were  loudly barkimg orders at her'and everyone else there.geesh! Glad I don't work there. Id probally come back for pizza sometime;but don't like to frequent establishments tjat treat their workers  poorly so  I doubt i'd become a regular.
Good food #5 was delicious.
This place is incredible! Great place to take a date or your significant other. Great ambiance and excellent food! You have to try their hummus as an appetizer and the Fez burger can't be beat! Always great service and  a good time.
I've been to many other Cities (L.A; san Francisco; Sacramento; Albuquerque; Las Vegas; Tucson) And I Love Phoenix Out of al of them. From the First Class Shopping; to the Desert Scenery. It's a Ahh Inspiring City. Its not as dirty as many other major cities; and the crime has gone down so Much. its not even on the top 100 list of dangerous cities. And the people are so nice; i go on hikes and bike rides around the city and (Im not exaggerating) Every person I pass says good morning. My only con is the traffic! Around rush Hour OMG! Its Busy. But other from that I love it here!
Horrible; Horrible experience.  I put in my order on December 1; 2012 and was charged my credit card that transaction.  I was really excited about receiving my pretzels for Christmas.  They said I would receive them in 7 to 10 business days.  The 7 to 10 business days past but I gave them the benefit of the doubt since I knew they were busy.  As it got closer and closer to Christmas I was getting nervous so I called them and left a message for the status on my order.  No one called me back.  Plus; I emailed them.  No one emailed me back.  Then I looked on their Web site and it said that they are closed from 12/24/12 to 1/02/13. Well; Christmas Eve has since gone and still no pretzels.  How can they take a week off when they did not complete all of their orders?  I just called and left another message.  The date is 12/26/12 and my credit card has now come due and I was charged for a product I never received.  They need to refund my credit card.  Morale of the story: You can't give your business to a startup company.  They might just take your money and run!  I actually give them 0 stars.
This place is weak! I've heard of and seen this place before ;was in area stopped for a sandwich today; worst people working there seriously rude! I paid 17 bucks for sandwich a side and two drinks for that price it's should be good and have great service; I was blown away bye how basically mean the people were and the sandwiches were totally regular nothing special I watched the guys basically throw my sandwich together with distain he even had to make it! I will never go there again and will tell everyone I know ;the place sucks!!!
Best and ONLY Brazilian restaurant in Phoenix; AZ. This is the best of the best. I'm a Brazilian so I KNOW what I'm talking about. Don't even waste time; money on another Brazilian steak house other this one.  The service is always great. We come here every other month and we enjoy it a lot. There are several little things that I could find fault on but nothing major. I just wish it was a bit cheaper so we could come more often. I think a $20 per person on weekdays and Saturdays would keep this place super busy. Anyways; it's worth it. The vegetables; the salads; the entire salad bar is very fresh; authentic and everything looks good. The food really does look appetizing. The  beans could be better though; that's my only complain. Also; I wish they had refills on soda; since they are so expensive. My favorite drink is the lemonade; I love it! However; $5 is a bit too much for a lemonade; $3 would have been reasonably priced. Love the meat! I'm hungry now....
Suprised that I've lived in Phoenix so long and hadn't discoverd 5th Avenue Cafe.  Thank you Yelp for giving me the tip on my smartphone.There are freakin' few breakfast restaurants; except trendy expensive places; that serve alcohol.  Being the day after Christmas a Bailey's 'n coffee sounded pretty good.  No problem.While my brain pointed me toward a lighter side; I ended up with their corned beef hash; which I'm pretty sure is made on premises.  I topped that with a couple of poached eggs (I almost expected them to tell me no-way; but they cheerfully took the order).  Not being the biggest potato fan I opted for fresh fruit; which was more than adequete.  An order of raisin toast rounded out the meal.1) Price - superb. didn't see anything over $102) Food quality - a few notches above average and way above fast food chains3) Service - GREAT!  Only thing is they seem to throw multiple servers at you4) Ambience - pretty cool.  Kind of a musical theme.5) Clientele - mostly older vets it seems.  Nice guys.6). Value - For me (a light eater) it was perfect; but the portions are a bit on the small side.This is one place I will be back.  For breakfast and for lunch.  It's just a good feeling place; and there are so few of them left.
Went here on NYE and loved it! We had a late reservation so we came early to have a drink at the bar. Awesome margaritas. We were seated pretty close to our reservation time which was good considering how busy it was. It took a little while to get our food but out server kept checking in with us to let us know that the kitchen was very busy. The food was excellent and very affordable too. And great service from the bartender (who was also our server) and hostesses.
Worst OB office I have ever been to. Originally I thought they were great; but as my pregnancy progressed they were a NIGHTMARE!The receptionist girls are extremely rude; both over the phone and in person.The Dr and PA do not take any health issues seriously. Even after a hospital stay; they still did not pay any attention to my health needs. Their solution for everything is jamming medications down your throat instead of finding the root cause of the issue.Even worse; these medications are not safe and several of them were Category C; which are known to cause birth defects. After a few trips to the pharmacy where a Pharmacist told me NOT to take them; a change in dr was the only solution.Do not trust your health or the well being of your baby with this office.
This place is close to my house.  The wash is nothing special.  The service is the worst.  The final straw is that my friend bought a $125 gift certificate for me.  Turns out it has an expiration date within 30 days.  I went in a few days later than that (she didn't mention and I didn't notice the expiration) and they would not honor it.  I would advise using this place as a last resort and NEVER give them any money before they perform the service.  They are going to look for an excuse to keep your money.
I went for breakfast on a rainy morning (yes; it was raining in Phoenix). Astor House was still bright and cheerful on the inside. I ordered the special - tomato casserole and it was delicious. My only complaint is that it didn't come with anything else like potatoes or fruit. The price seemed a bit high for just a bit of casserole. My friends has the Southwest Gravy and Biscuits and thought it was ok and definitely not traditional. We ordered a few breakfast drinks and the spiked hot cocoa was a hit!
When did Superstition Springs become the furniture outlet mall? Seriously.Ive been going to this place for about 20 years. I could walk through and tell you what used to be in almost every space; and I still miss the arcade.This place has a good variety of clothing; jewelry; specialty stores. And w/ the addition of Cheescake Factory; a good variety of places to dine (in the food court and beyond). Some SS staples include The Coffee Beanery; JCP homestore; Pretzelmaker; and the Thomas Kinkade store (if only just to look around). This mall is generally clean (including the public bathrooms); w/ p-l-enty of parking.If you have kids; the carousel is a must.
The best barber I've ever had. She knows exaclty how to cut my hair; is very nice and has the best prices hands down. She even has a vacuum attached to her clippers so no hair touches you; just like they had when I was in Army basic training.
I really like The Mission.  My second trip here for lunch and it didn't disappoint.  We had a larger group with us this time but everyone loved their meal.  The guacamole is outstanding; we ordered two this time because it's so good.  Chips are fresh and the salsa has a wonderful tomato puree base with a medium heat.  Chicken Anticuchos were a big hit; I didn't try them but everyone at the table gave them rave reviews.  I had the butternut squash tacos; I love these the flavor is incredible.  Husband tried the Cuban sandwich this time and thought it was excellent; another at our table tried the brisket sandwich - also giving rave reviews.  One person ordered the pozole and everyone went nuts for it!I also ordered a side of the white bean puree - if you even just kind of like beans; try this it is so delicious!!  I could have ordered three sides of this as my meal. I gave everyone a taste and I could see them waiting to pounce if I left a speck in my bowl.There is a public lot across the street which makes parking a breeze.  The ambiance is nice; big bar with TV's; tight tables with dim lighting in the interior restaurant; nice patio seating out front.  Service has been excellent both times but the hostess staff is similar to the interior lighting - dim.My next move is to go at night for dinner and try some margaritas.
My first yelp review! The food here is always consistent. It's nothing crazy; just good pizza joint fair done right. Great service. Delivery times are always pretty good and prices are pretty fair considering they're so much better than the rest of the pizza places in the area. I order from them once or twice a week so I figured they deserved a nice review from me
I often visit the Scottsdale location and just love it; so I was excited to try the downtown location. I ordered my favorite dish: kung pao mock chicken. Unfortunately; I was disappointed. It wasn't even close to as spicy as it should be and the brown rice was severely undercooked. I will definitely give it another shot; since I love the menu so much; but this particular visit was disappointing.
I don't know why I keep coming back to this place. Ok I know the fries are ridonculous but I've had better service at a funeral home. I seriously had to wait to place my order at the drive thru while the cashier talked to her friend. Diggity dumb. I guess if the only ppl you can find to work there are meth heads then it's expected but seriously worst service ever.
This place is pretty fun! Staff is friendly; and it stays cool; even in the summer. I have been here twice and both times had a pretty fun time. It was not as intimidating as I thought it would be. My only advice for patrons is don't go in shorts!!! :P
First off; I'd like to mention that I've been in the salon industry for years; both in Los Angeles where I ran one of the best salons in the city for years; and here in Phoenix; where I helped a friend build another from the ground up. I've seen the good; the bad; and the ugly. This place; unfortunately; exists in the final group.The service was horrendous. The place appears to be run by a mother and daughter duo; who I can only assume had this project funded by Daddy dearest; something evident in the lack of pride which went into the design and running of the place. The overall decor is tacky at best; with little care given to any of the details that separate a Salon from a Great Clips.The product wasn't much better. The blow out I received was mediocre at best; especially compared to similar offerings in the area. The cost was standard; but definitely not worth the quality.I won't be returning.
Had the Cowboy Burger it was ok the staff was ok I will have to go again in order to give a good review.
This place is great. No frills; just damn fine work. Incredibly reasonable prices and speedy turnaround. I recently brought in two dresses (one needed a waistband and the other a hem) -- I figured I would start with something small as I'd never used them before. They did an awesome job on both and I'll be back for sure. Lucky for me -- they're right around the corner.
I only like to review places that are either really good or really bad and I'm happy to say this one is really good.  I've been to many of the Mr. Goodcent's locations around the valley and this one always seems to be the best.  It's the cleanest and always has friendly employees.  Even though I don't really like chain restaurants; this is a franchise that appears to be owned by a couple so I like being able to support a local business/family. There isn't anything fancy about them but I like their large selections of veggies and dressings.  Today I overheard an employee telling one of the owners that they finished making the spicy ranch and I was pleased to see they made it and didn't buy it.  The bread is super fresh and yummy; which is probably the best part!!!    I got a 12 cheese and veggie sub and a medium drink for the same cost as a 12 sub and drink from Subway.  This tasted a lot fresher and was so much better!  Not sure why some reviews said they are more expensive than Subway.  BTW- they give punch cards so for every 9 (or is it 10?) sandwiches you buy; you get one free.  Maybe not a big deal but when you eat sandwiches often; it's a nice little bonus to get rewarded for loyalty.
came here again last night for a company holiday party and loco is still a great bar. even the doorman was good natured; which is sometimes difficult to find in scottsdale. despite having a group of maybe 25; our one waitress kept our drink and food orders  in quick succession. as soon as the cocktails were done; another was nearly immediately placed in front of me. i'm a big fan of margarita's so i had a few skinny margarita's and despite not tasting the alcohol at all; i somehow ended up with a buzz...go figure.we've never eaten here until tonight; and i was pleasantly surprised at how good the appetizers were. as said before...a great staying power bar in an area with extremely high turnaround.
A former Colleague of mine gave me the skinny on this place 20 years ago.Since then; I have kept it as one of my closely guarded secrets because it is just that kind of place but i guess the word has gotten out since.I really can't add anything that hasn't already been said by fellow reviewers; so let me just say; What happened to Chuck Hall and the Brick Wall?.If you want to have a fun night out with people aged 21-60+ who can let their hair down; then go here.You  WILL have fun!
My husband and I had the pleasure of dining at Durant's again for our annual Christmas Eve dinner.  FANTASTIC!  Ron was our server (so polite) and did a great job!  We started with shrimp cocktail $15.95.  It was the best I've ever had (my husband agreed).  Salads were excellent.  Two filet mignon steaks later; $89.00 but were they ever worth it!  Our steaks were cooked to perfection and melted in our mouths.  Sauteed Mushrooms $10.50 were so good as well and lots of them.  One bottle of wine and our total bill was $140.00.  This is only our 2nd time at Durant's.  I'm going back again next Christmas Eve for sure.  Hands down; we had one of the best meals ever!  PS - I love going in thru the kitchen.  Durants . . . BEST OF PHOENIX and it's in my neighborhood.  Thanks Durant's you are really something to remember.
This is another toughie for me to review; for a variety of reasons. First of all; I like the decor and I like the ambiance of this place. It's not like most of the other restaurants (especially chains) in the area; and while pretentious; it at least outwardly appears fancier than you'd otherwise expect. There's also the lighting and a lot of windows; which is typically a plus in the early evening; so you can catch some of the sunset or watch the wind batting around the palm branches. Food and service; however; have never really impressed me at this location. I don't know if it is specific to this restaurant or if the entire chain is this way; but after multiple visits; my honest opinion is that their menu is way; way too big. They have immense variety; but as they say; jack of all trades and master of none. Case in point; nothing I have had here has been the best; or even remotely close; compared to what I've gotten elsewhere. I've tried the pulled pork; but I've had better almost everywhere else. Tried the burgers; but better can be had for far less money elsewhere. Appetizers are pretty much on the same page; things like pot stickers are literally no better than what you can buy in the frozen food section of your grocery store; there was nothing special about them. I've also given their pizza a try and it was some of the worst I've ever had anywhere -horrible; tasteless crust; nasty sauce and cheese that was just.. yuck.I will concede that their dessert menu does offer a few delights that I have been happy with. The milkshakes; and the strawberry one in particular; were always sinfully good. I never could finish them because they were so huge; but at least they were delicious; unlike most of the food I've had there.  In terms of service; there has been a lot of inconsistency in my visits. More often than not; it's below average service; slow drink refills and the like. Really gets my goat when I see the drink refill guy topping off every table but mine; despite the empty glass on the corner of the table; begging to be refilled. But then; he's not the server; so do you factor this into your tip? This is why I hate when restaurants job-share tables; it puts you in a position to have to punish a good server for a crappy drink service that was someone else's fault. Sigh.Bottom line; I think; is that this place is trying to be too many things at once; with the not at all unexpected result of poor execution. Their menu has to be close to 20 pages; and it really doesn't help that there are paid advertisements in it on every page too. I don't know why they see the need to generate revenue that way; but it reeks of desperation and detracts horribly from the experience of dining in a faux-upscale restaurant; even more so than half-baked service.My advice? Stay away until they slim down the menu and try to specialize; or at least only go for the desserts. The rest of their food is just adequate; at best; and definitely overpriced for what it is. Combined with the unpredictable service; I just don't see any reason to go back here.
B of A sticks! They nickel and dime you for everything. Their customer service stinks too. I will never go there again!
Had dinner with family last Sunday evening at JW Marriott Resort (Tuscany Restaurant) and was disappointed at the limited selections on the menu. We love Marriotts and usually all their restaurants are good but not this one. The waiter didn't come back to the table often enough and the decaf coffee with desert was very weak. The tiramisu was the worst ever; very dry. We have stayed at many Marriotts throughout the country and they are excellent. The food tasted good but the limited menu and service lacked Marriott quality. Don't know if it's independently run(?)
It is truly a step back in time....  the servers' pink skirts and ponytails; people sitting at booths enjoying fountain drinks that your mom might have treated you to many years back.The ice cream is amazingly fresh.  The pictures adorning the walls in back and white of days gone by.  What a nice place to be able to take your family to savor America's favorite dessert!
I have been taking my children here for more than five years. All the Doctors are well trained and they take their time with examining my children which is hard to come by these day. I love Dr. Vargas I wouldn't trade him for nothing in the world!!!
Had to give Sol 5 stars simply because of the super friendly and helpful staff.  Food was good; had the street taco fight which consists of 6 tacos and an order of guac.  While I have had better Mexican food for cheaper it was still very nice; fresh and was all well made. Atmosphere was nice and pleasent except that they kept opening up a side door to do cleaning which let in a lot of unwanted cold air. Normally I would knock down a star except for the great staff.
Great eatery inside the Valley Ho hotel. Their prime rib hash on the breakfast menu was delicious. The perfect send off before catching our flight back home. Love the feel and vibe of this place. Love their service and convenient location (for hotel guests at least). Love their hours and menu items. Oh; and love that their orange juice is called the HO-J. Right?!Enjoy!
DO NOT USE THEM! I should have know better based on the other Yelp reviews.  I picked up my clothes and 3 pairs of slacks had damage to them. The damage was located in the same place on all 3 pairs.  I was told the owner would call me the next day to discuss. The owner never called. 6 days later; I called them.  The owner is nowhere to be found. I ended up speaking to the manager who was rude; disrespectful and couldn't care less about how she treats customers. They didn't care at all and told me there was nothing they would do. DO NOT GO TO THIS CLEANERS; YOU WILL REGRET IT!!!!!!
The price is ok. There is a wide variety of food but it is hit and miss. One visit it might be excellent; the next trip it is something you would not feed your dog. There is something wrong with their soda machine; the mix is wrong or something so it just tastes like carbonated syrup. When I go there I ask if they have it fixed; but they speak very little Engrish so have no idea what I am talking about. Finally I give up and just order water; which is apparently unfiltered; right out of the tap and has a stong sewage aftertaste. The last time I had their Hot and Sour soup (usually a favorite of mine in chinese restaurants) it also had that same aftertaste. I've eaten there 3 times now; but will probably not come back.
I'm going to update my review for Mido because; well; they deserve an extra star.I took my neighbors to dinner here last Friday night as a thank you for watching my dog while I was in Las Vegas for a week. The service was excellent.  We never waited for a refill.  We were brought the check as soon as we needed it.  And; the server put up with a lot of interesting conversation whenever he happened upon it (and laughed with us).The value was phenomenal.  Where else can four adults and two children start with miso soup and crab salad; eat a gorgeous platter of sashimi; a tempura appetizer; sushi until they are filled and a scoop of ice cream PLUS have sodas and wine for $121 pre tip?My only suggestion to AYCE newbies is to order the more expensive rolls first.  We just put all our rolls on the first sheet and we got the cheaper rolls like California roll and spicy tuna out first.  Then after a good amount of time; they brought the smaller; more expensive Pancho topped with spicy tuna and the soft shell crab rolls.  It is not a big deal if you have an unlimited appetite; but you might as well get the more pricey rolls with AYCE.
Grimaldi's is thin crust; coal fired brick oven pizza. It's very evenly cooked; with no cold; thick; soft; or soggy spots. There can be a long wait from time to time; we were seated after 30 minutes and warned that pizzas were a further 45 minutes behind. So we take the time to order appetizers. We have tried two of theirs; the antipasto and the caprese. Both have been very good with EXCELLENT fresh mozzarella. I'm almost a fan (4-star) except the price is too steep in my opinion. I really dislike the pricing structure for toppings at Grimaldis. $2 for any size; half or whole; and you can't even pay $2 and get two 1/2 toppings like most pizza places. As a result; my wife and I have to pay $4 on top of an already slightly overpriced pizza; which results in a very overpriced pizza.Oh and what's up with only one bathroom each for men and women? A restaurant seating 200 people really needs more toilets. And the way they're tucked into a corner of the restaurant; it's even awkward trying to wait your turn.
Went to Mu Shu today at noon with my wife for first time.  We were both very impressed with the food; the service; and the friendliness of the personnel.  Mu Shu kind of reminds me of a cross between a mongolian grill and a restaurant.  The stir fry which we both had was very; very good.  Large portions and lots of veggies.We'll go back.
If you want to take your 'vette to an awesome place this is it.Directions: Make sure to follow your navigation carefully the first time; so you don't miss it.  It's an amazingly clean shop tucked away in an industrial area in Tempe. Luckily; it's also close to Tempe Marketplace in case you are in for a quick service and want to grab a bite to eat while you wait. The lounge is comfortable and clean if you plan to wait for your car.I really appreciate that every segment of the shop is as clean as your car will be when you pick it up. Unlike many shops; they do not shy away from showing you the garage--in fact; they have some monstrously well built cars there for showing off if you're in the mood.  They call when the service is done and are always prompt to their time estimate and better than the competition on pricing.Whether you're visiting for a required service or for some fun upgrades; this shop is worth the time and effort they put into your car.They even shared their freebies of 12-packs of Pepsi last time I was there. That's always a plus in my book! :)
I discovered this place by smell after driving past it for a few months.  They smell up the whole area for a few blocks around with delicious BBQ aroma when they are cooking.  I tried the brisket; it was very tasty.  The plate came with texas toast and 2 sides and the portions were decent.  I split the heavyweight with my girlfriend and we were both full.  I can't wait to go back and give their pulled pork a try.  I would definitely recommend giving Tha Spot a shot.
I'm rating this Starbucks against other Starbucks locations and not against other coffee shops-- I studied here last weekend; and I have to say it was the perfect environment to study in. There was plenty of space; and even tables that seemed like they were designed for studying or reading. The atmosphere was upbeat; but not too loud. The service was incredibly friendly. The drinks were typical Starbucks (as expected)-- take that for what you will. If I lived near this Starbucks; I would make it a regular study spot; but unfortunately it's too far away for me!
We went to Spur Cross today as a reward for my niece who was able to raise her grades in math this semester.  The ride was safe and fun; a great way to spend an afternoon.  They provided a helmet for my niece; and also gave us a treat for the horses (for the end of the ride).  Our guide Penny was top-notch and really cool; she grew up around horses and really knows her craft.  She kept a close eye on my niece and her horse; and made sure everything was safe and fun.We also met Gilbert the pig who we found in his shed; sleeping; probably having a dream about some mud hole and all the food he could munch on.  They have several animals actually; aside from the horses who are the main attraction.  During the ride we also saw several rabbits and we were told that they often see deer in the area.  The scenery alone was worth the drive.I read one review mentioning the dirt road; but I had no problem in my front wheel drive vehicle with a mere 5.5 ground clearance.  When we went there today; the dirt road was still damp from the recent rains.  It is a pretty hard packed road; so I don't think any car would have a problem.Thanks to our guide Penny; and horses Tadpole; Nate and Destiny; we all had a great time.  I would not hesitate to recommend Spur Cross Stables to anyone who wants to try something a little different; or to anyone who wants to see a bit more of Arizona's beautiful desert.
Whenever I'm having a rough day; this place and their truly;  Unphogettable; food and staff cheers me right up. Between their delicious spring rolls and countless varieties of scrumptious pho; I never leave un satisfied.
OK massage. Not very relaxing atmosphere. I could hear the music in the room next to me ans the toilet flushing three rooms away; also; the staff kept walking by the door chatting. Also; I hate being pressures into memberships... they give an OK massage if you don't mind all the noise or pressure to sign up.
Used Groupon for our first visit. We were impressed with the burgers. Cooked perfectly; good bun and tots. Will be back.
This was easily the best Yelp event I have attended this year and the Tanzy staff outdid themselves. Tanzy set us up in an intimate location in the back with two long tables set up for family style dining. As other reviewers mentioned; from start to finish; everything was impeccable.We were immediately greeted with a glass of champagne and a Yelp goodie bag (I was most excited for the silly straw inside). After greeting friends and finding a seat; I swapped my champagne for some complimentary Riesling. In addition to the Riesling; several wines including Chardonnay; Pinor Noir; and Shiraz flowed freely througout the night. The drink manager also brought out some of their signature cocktails to try. My favorite was the mojito/pina colada type drink. The foods were steadily brought out throughout and with perfect timing. We lost count by the end of the night; regarding how many dishes were presented; but I will try to outline them all: a marinated olive and shaved meat platter; bruschetta (with various toppings) and pesto dip; a burrata plate; a mozzarella plate; seared calamari; fried brussel sprouts; beef carpaccio (with truffle oil; arugula and fried capers); risotto; pasta with beef and ricotta; grilled salmon with Israeli couscous; scallops with mashed parsnip; braised short ribs with spinach and tender gnocchi; filet mignon with asparagus and fingerling potatoes; and for dessert; flourless chocoloate and a red velver bread pudding. Can you say; unbelievable?????? I have never tried carpaccio before and helped myself to seconds. It was incredible.They also brought out a Primitivo to be paired with the desserts. At the end; we had a fantastically fun white elephant exchange and who can forget the mooning garden gnome? Sorry Lindsey; that it got stolen from you! We were also all treated to a gift bag from Tanzy that included a pair of iPic movie tickets; shaker; and candy. Fantastic; fantastic event and thanks Lindsey for allowing me to be a part of it. Awesome way to end the Yelpy year.
Take it or leave it. I left it and I'm set on that decision. Mediocre food; 'too busy for you' service; and some of the blandest drinks. Why? Because it's 'Biltmore;' and the suckers pay up for it. Been there; done that; don't like.
One of the best burgers in the area. I come here when ever im in Gilbert Az. BBQ Chicken pizza is also very good. It's grilled not baked! All fresh ingredients grown on site. Dont miss this place if in the area.
This place has great food; great service and is in a great location. The lunch specials are a good deal; but if your eating and drinking here for dinner your tab will be pretty high. Just make sure you check the beer and wine prices before ordering or you could be sitting there staring at your bill going wtf.
so far this is the only place i've come back to get a steak in town. I have yet to find a place in town that has a steak as tender as ruth chris's. list of places i've gone to recently for comparisonmastro's city hallBLT capital grilldel frisco'shillstonehouston's STK (very close second best steak could be better but i need to go back :) )gallahers (vegas)
I came back to Luu's to try it again - this time I got the pork bowl; and hallelujah; this was the right decision!  The pork is like a bbq asian pork that is sliced thinly and piled high - it was succulent; juicy; and delicious.  Now I know what to get! I also tried the crab puffs since other users have raved about them; and they were very good - it was like a warm crab salad inside a fried wonton.  And 6 for $2.50?  That's pretty much a steal.  Try them!
I can't believe we've never eaten here and have lived in Surprise for almost 2 years! Started with the spring rolls which were delicious. There were 2 of us and we split the coconut curry soup and a curry; potato and chicken dish. All of it was delicious! Great service and even better food. and the bill only came to $24 bucks.
Great food. Good prices. Great atmosphere. Most everything is in the spicy side so beware. I would go again
We were at a relative's house and starving; luckily Yelp was there to help us locate this place! We came on a Sunday; which apparently Happy Hour is all day. However; the bar area was packed; so we decided to pass and sat in the dining area - practically all alone! It was nice; since we got to choose where we wanted to sit and our waiter was really friendly and attentive. The husband ordered the short ribs and I ordered the steak sandwich. The short ribs were good; not the best; but the root vegetables with them were delicious. My steak sandwich was really good. It was messy; but all tasty sandwiches are messy! The steak had a strong flavor; some sort of spice or rub. The French fries that came with the meal were superb. They were crunchy and salty - just the way I like them. We took a look at the dessert menu and really wanted to order something; but had to pass. We'll definitely be back to try Happy Hour and the dessert menu!
best wings in town; hands down.
The Celebrity Theater is a MESS. There are a lot of people who are giving it 4 and 5 stars; but they are really rating the acts they saw there and how wonderful a time they had. They aren't truly rating the theater itself. Let me give you the PROS and CONS of Celebrity Theater.CONS:1. Parking:  If you get there late; good luck finding a spot. There are hardly any parking lines to assist you. If you get there when everyone else is; you may even have to wait to turn into the parking area. I always try to get there 45-60min before the show starts. Yes; it's a little early; but you will find a parking spot without much problem and you'll have time to get some beers; snacks and hit the restroom before the show starts. 2. Concession Stand: It's your typical drink and snack bar. Beer is like $6-$7 and popcorn $3. Everything is overpriced like the movie theater. The food is just average at best. The lines can be very long if you get their late. I got their early and still had to wait about 20min to get my drink/food. 3. Bathrooms: They weren't the cleanest in the world. There was toilet paper in the stalls and soap in the containers. So that was a plus. This wasn't the bathroom at the Bellagio; that for sure. If you can; go before you leave home; do it. Try not to drink or eat anything prior. 4. The Theater: It's old. The stage is a nice size; but the seats are very small. If you are a tall or a wide person; you probably won't be too comfortable sitting in these seats. I'm 5'8 and I still had to pull my knees in so not to hit the seat in front of me. I don't believe there are any cup holders for your drinks. If there are; it's attached to the back of the seats in front of you. It's pretty dark in this place as well. Almost like a move theater before the movie starts. PROS:1. The Shows: This is the main reason we go to this theater. They have some of the best shows here. I've seen Sinbad; Katt Williams and the 70s Soul Jam performers which include (The Delfonics; Ray; Goodman & Brown; The Stylistics; Bloodstone & The Main Ingredient). All these shows were fabulous. Absolutely worth the money. Sinbad started like 15min late; but he kept telling jokes till after 11:30p at night. He said; I can go on all night Make sure you folks get your moneys worth. He was very funny. Katt Williams was also good and a little over the top.His voice can grind your last nerve after an hour of listening to him. The 70's Soul Jam was spectacular. Each group sang a least 3-5 songs each. I loved it. Most of them sounded just as good as their records. So even though the Celebrity Theater itself isn't the greatest; the acts they are able to pull in are awesome. If you can deal with the parking; seats and bathroom; then definitely go and see your favorite acts here. I gave them 3 our 5 stars.  (1 star for the theater itself & 2 stars for the incredible acts; and the fun & enjoyment I had.
Of all my denny's experiences; this one had been the best location. The staff is friendly; the food is quick; and its clean. The area outside is nice; and well lit.
I have been to most of the local fish stores and this is one of my favorites. Its owned by a great couple who do  a fantastic job of keeping a nice clean storefront.  The Livestock is always healthy and they have lots of dry goods as well. On 2 occasions they were out of stock on something and they ordered it for me and it was there in about 2 days.  If you want REALLY good friendly service this is the place to shop; its only the owners who work here and they want your business so they go above and beyond to treat you well. They are more focused on salt water and fresh water fish; they have a small coral section and hopefully soon they will get more. They have been around for quite a while and i can see why; they give great service !
I ordered spicy Korean with veg's & tofu today. Pretty good although I didn't catch the signature dish  as it say. I found few slices of mushrooms. I think this sauce is match with the mushrooms. The service is fast!!
I just have to say that the owner of this place definitely knows how to run a restaurant and how to take care of customers! She treats everyone there like she's known them for years! I've been here a couple times and every time it has been quite good until today. Today; she came around to ask if everything was okay and I told her with some hesitation that my meal wasn't so great. She was so kind and remedied the entire situation for me. She told me she valued what I said and was going to make sure she fixed the problem for next time. This is truly a neighborhood restaurant. I love that I can walk here from home and get such wonderful food and service. Yes; they are really busy on the weekends but the servers are clearly working SO hard to do everything they can to take care of diners! Even though today wasn't the best meal; I still think this place deserves 5 stars because they take such great pride in making sure everything is done right and they take each customers opinion to heart. I will definitely be back :)
In town for a short weekend trip and wanted a quick lunch.  Saw the reviews on Yelp and figured we had to give it a try.   Well; we loved it.    The service is amazing and friendly.   Joe; the owner; and his daughter; were lovely to chat with.     Food is fresh and prepared when you order.
Came here for lunch and it isn't too bad. I had the Spicy Tuna Roll and Spicy California Roll; besides being a bit too thick with rice they were bomb!! They do need stronger wasabi though.
This is my first yelp i have ever done and i am so irritated with dishonest people i had to comment on here. I just went by to check out the gym. The manager was pushy to sell me a membership with a high start up fee and when I said I would have to think about it he asked me why and I told him I wanted to check out other gyms before making my final decision. He went on to tell me the 24 hr was in extremely bad shape and it was closing so don't bother going by there. I thought that was strange so I went to 24hr on my way home to check out their gym and asked if they would be closing soon. their responsehave u been to la fitness?  I guess the scummy salesmen at la fitness think its okay to lie and tell you their competition is shutting down.  it is so common for them to say this that 24hr already knew who was starting the rumor. Well I signed up with 24hr..... They are both older gyms and not the nicest but I would rather go to a gym that is ran by an honest manager.   Do not go to this gym. It's awful and even though it is in a better location for me; it's dishonest and more pricey.
Closed today.  I don't know for how long; maybe out of business?!
I LOVE working here. Such a great staff and everyone is SO supportive of each other. Kent loves all of his employees and treats them like his own. he stands behind his work; his products and his employees and will do anything to make you happy. If you want beautiful hair; come see us!! :)
I feel bad 'cause I know this is a local owned business; it's close to me and I believe has been here since I moved here in '94. Used to be the only store and I never had a problem with it. The employees are great!  Not sure if more selection has raised my awareness or if this place has just degraded in what it offers.Prices vary - all the markets play their games; price this low to get people in; mark other things up to make the profit. But the selection of fresh produce is lacking and the meat is really mediocre. I have shopped AJ's and it appears Eddie Basha is sending all the good stuff there and placing the leftovers here. Never a great selection; overpriced and I have been really disappointed with the beef I've gotten here.Hope they can stay in business but I actually drive a bit out of my way to hit the Fry's as they have a better selection of produce and meat. Not great but better for sure. I go here now only if I'm in dire need of some staple item and am too lazy to drive the extra few miles.
When you walk in; this place looks like a mess. Don't panic; just tell the staff what you are looking for. This could be a request for a specific bottle (how they know where anything is baffles me). It could also be a more general question; such as a style of beer or type of spirit. The prices are good for a liquor store and their beer and liquor selection are top notch.
We've taken our kids to the museum twice now - it's become one of our absolute favorite family destinations for when we're in the Phoenix area. There is so much to do and see for everyone; from babies to big kids. During the holidays; as can be expected; it's super busy and it's a challenge to keep track of everyone as they're dashing from one exciting room to the next; but it's worth it to see your children have that much fun in a learning environment. We've visited a number of different children's museums and this one is the best we've found so far.I highly recommend the Children's Museum of Phoenix to anyone with kids!
I love it here this is my favorite local place to stay; very clean rooms and staff goes out of there way to take care of your needs; casino is on par with most Arizona casinos; do love cafe 87 for liver and onions over all kinda pricier for room cost and there is a fifteen dollar resort fee added on to rate
I've been a member at this location for about a year and a half now; and it's always been a great place for my husband and I to go and work out. There's lots of equipment; which mean that wait times -- when you actually HAVE to wait; which is infrequent -- are short; in particular for the cardio machines. I've been at other gyms where the line for the treadmills moves forward at about the rate grass grows; but there's none of that nonsense here.The locker room (I can only testify for the women's; of course); the main weight room; the class rooms; and the pool are kept incredibly neat; so I've never felt that hygiene was an issue. And the team members here are super nice; going out of their way to recognize gym-goers and to greet them by name.Speaking of the team members being awesome; my husband and I both REALLY enjoy the Body Pump classes that are offered here; in particular the ones hosted by Rebecca. She's amazingly fun; and super goofy. I find myself smiling all the way through my workout; even if that smile sometimes edges toward a grimace of exertion. hehe. We love you; Rebecca!
I'm a Joker; I'm a Smoker ... I'm a Midnight Toker.I usually pop in here with my Posse round' midnight.If you live in the valley and haven't inhaled a Delux burger with sweet potato fries ... well you just haven't lived!Urban Cool
Kick ass bagels. My personal favorites are the lox and the ruben. I go to school right across the street and when i need something fast and delicious this place always delivers!
The food was excellent and the staff is very friendly. I would definitely recommend this place if you like Thai food. We had the red and peanut curry chicken; one of the best we have had and i travel alot. The restaurant was very nice and clean.
It's been a long time since I last visited this location ( I have been going to the outstanding Mesa location ).  I was glad to see that the have expanded.  in addition to the previous area with the long narrow counter.  There is now a much larger dining room.  There is still a bit of construction and when driving by at night the blackout on the windows makes it appear closed which was a bit confusing.  The food takes a bit to get at both locations; but it's very much worth it.  They have a pretty expansive and varied menu ( all contained in pastry ) with lots of options for vegetarians.  Our waiter was very nice and checked on us to make sure our beers were full and we got everything we needed.  This is a very unique and awesome restaurant.Try:- Egg Plant Parm- Veggie Cottage Pie- Oggie
Great breakfast and service!  Warm; clean upbeat atmosphere.  Prompt and pleasant.
While the library facilities have gotten substantially better since the makeover; the attitudes of the librarians has gotten worse over time.  Any time I go to ask for help from a librarian; they are full of attitude and disdain; like I am inconveniencing them by asking for help.  And a couple of times when I was notified that I had items on hold and they weren't on the hold shelf; I went to ask the librarian to ask for help; and they would get very snarky.
I was eating at Westville in New York; NY a few years ago and got into a conversation about food with a guy at a neighboring table. Eventually; talk turned to pizza. As it does in New York. And he told me about Pizzeria Bianco. And he said it was one of the best; perhaps the best; pizza in the USA. And of course I thought; this cannot be true. Because it's not in New York. Call it prejudice; and you'd probably be right; but New Yorkers are incapable of believing ANYTHING in New York is not the best of whatever it is. Pizza especially! Well; Pizzeria Bianco lives up to its reputation. I went twice while visiting Phoenix recently (second time was quite a long; New York-style wait) and had everything on the menu. Holy shit. Amazing. Many people I went with also thought best pizza I've ever had. One old curmudgeonly guy wasn't impressed; but he's that old guy that's not impressed by anything; so forget him for now. I liked it. Especially the white pies! Which NEVER happens because I usually think FUCK PIZZA WITH NO TOMATO SAUCE. I was WRONG. The Rosa is FUCKING INCREDIBLE. GET IT. And more. And go back. I had to wait years to visit. It was worth it. Read my other reviews. I'm not usually this nice; even when I'm nice.
This was my first visit and from the experience I will be back many more times. I had the special seared scallops in a leak cream sauce; melt in your mouth goodness. My husband had a more classic dish and it was just as good as mine. We got the bruschetta to start and it was flavorful and the bread was nice and crunch. The patio was a very nice surprise; you don't feel like you are in a strip mall. They have a decent wine selection and next time I am hoping to save room for desert.
Tiny theatre space with a friendly crowd at the front of house; and even more friendly regulars. Went here on my last evening in Phoenix on a whim; just had an evening to kill before flying on Saturday. Ended up having a great comedy experience; and also met a few engaging locals who were very friendly with a lost-puppy stranger.Very intimate space; maybe only seating for 50-60 in a single wing; so you are on top of the action. Recommended for people staying downtown for conventions or other reasons; see something out of your usual comfort zone!
I bought my dad a shaving sample kit for Christmas fom here. It comes with shaving oil; shaving cream; a brush to apply it to your face; and after shave lotion. I was impressed by the quality and decor of the store. The sales people did try to do their job and sell; but were not very pushy which I really appreciate. I would probably give it a five star rating if I actually used their products. I recommend shopping here and I'm sure my dad will like the gift I picked out for him. My guess is he will be a new customer here.
Good service; good food.  The menu is pretty basic; but the price is right for the quality and proportion of the food.
Wow. We went here on Christmas Eve w/ a group of friends. The happy hour prices here are awe-some; and the drinks are super tasty.Love the tiki-chic ambiance and the patio is killer. Our waitress was probably the most attentive waitress weve ever had; she was awesome.Cant wait to go back for another happy hour and some food!
I have always been a cupcake lover.  When my hubby and I went to Urban cookies about a year ago. I feel in love with the cupcakes from Urban Cookies.  My two favorite cupcakes are the peanut butter and the strawberry cupcakes.   So;  if you like cupcakes you will definitely have to go to Urban Cookies.  :)
Overall great!
Roar! Naaay! Ribbit! Moo!  Woof! Baaah! Quack! Meow!How can you not think of all of the fun animal noises that you hear at the zoo and beyond when you are getting your one year old ready to visit (and perhaps those noises are in your head from all of the children's books you've been reading as well?!)While I'd been to the zoo with my son only once before; going at night during the holiday season is a totally different experience.  The lights; music; talking giraffe; etc... it's a lot of fun for all.  The kettle corn and hot chocolate are delicious as well.Note that Zoo Lights doesn't open until 6pm; which is tough when you're dealing with little ones used to going to bed at 7; but it's worth it to keep them up a tad bit late for the fun Zoo Light experience.  I've made a mental note (which I'll share with you here as well) that Saturday night may not be the best night to go - it was so crowded when we went!  Also worth noting that if you are a zoo member; you get a discounted entry fee; but you  must have your membership card... (of course I forgot ours!)Happy holidays and enjoy!
Once again; I will have to agree with previous reviews. The owner is terrible. I have never been treated so rudely in my life. Please go to the store on 32nd & Camelback. You wont regret passing up on this particular location!
I had the pleasure of going to this place yesterday! I had a WONDERFUl time sitting at the bar . Christain made me the BEST COSMO ever! She was awesome in her service and attitude. I had the opportunity to meet Melissa a manager who was so customer oriented and cared about me having a great experience. My food was very good and I will go back.
I my opinion; they are one of the best late night post drinking burrito joints. The are quaility for there type of restaurant; this is why I gave them five stars. They also have pepsi not coke. The are clean on the inside which is rare for a cheap mexican place.
A nice; clean bowling alley.  Most alleys have pretty much the same features as all the rest--lighted lanes at night; birthday parties; pizza and burgers; etc.  At Squaw Peak though; you get it all without the dinge and wear that I usually see at a lot of other bowling alleys.  The bathroom ain't scuzzy; and you don't smell residual 30 year-old cigarette smoke.I went here with my family last night and had a great time.  After a warm-up; I bowled a 161--the best game I ever played.  I think you'll have fun too.
Nice service and nice decor.  That's probably the best thing going for Noodles Ranch.  It's clean; unlike most hole-in-the-wall Vietnamese restaurants.  However; the food is below average compared to the usual Vietnamese restaurant.  The pho broth is bland.  Egg rolls and spring rolls aren't bad but aren't fantastic (i.e.; average).  The rice dishes and curry noodles dishes are also too bland.  Also; the price is high for Vietnamese ($9 for a bowl of pho?!).The food quality is a 2-star because it was just too bland for the usual flavorful Vietnamese dishes.  However; the nice service and the cleanliness earn it an extra star.As other Yelpers suggest; this is probably a good place to introduce people to Vietnamese food; but if you're looking for authentic/flavorful dishes; you should pass.
Here's a concept--have a movie theater that serves you dinner at your seat.  Sounds great and I do plan to return here periodically.  However; there are a few dents in the plumbing to bang out.There are two settings here:  Fork and Screen; and Cinema Suites.  Both are similar; but Fork and Screen is suitable for families; while Cinema Suites seats are adults only.  Know the two well; because Fandango for the iPhone may not tell you this if you are booking seats for your family.  I did so; and ended up with a nasty surprise when I arrived at the theater.  Thankfully; we were able to convert the tickets to Fork and Screen about 2 hours after our original booking time; but it was annoying.Service in the theater for dinner?  Friendly.  SLOW.  If you want a drink refill or more food; you push a button near your seat to summon the server.  Then you wait 15 minutes or more for the server to come.  Plus; if you are seeing a movie that goes until after midnight; the kitchen shuts down halfway during the picture and you can't even get a drink refill.  It would have been nice to know that this was going to happen beforehand so we could have gotten a last drink.I like the system and the food is very good; but they need to tighten up their procedures quite a bit.  The food is also; as you would expect from a theater; very expensive.  Snack food and drinks for three cost over $50.  Still fun--good for an occasional movie night.  It's worth having the experience; but know what you are getting yourself into.
Made the 30 minute drive from north Phoenix & glad we did. Bar tender was great to talk to while waiting for our table. Great German (&Austrian) beer selection. Bloody Mary hade A1 steak sauce in it (really good)Food was very authentic . ( we go to Germany every year on business) We will go back soon.
When it finally dawns on you Over Easy is over-rated and poorly served sludge head on over to this joint.  Cozy with a makeshift charm about it; they have terrific food and friendly service.  The food is not rushed to your table; which is nice.  It also means they are doing it properly rather than trying to turn and burn the tables like the aforementioned dive.  Teas and coffees are stellar.  Prices are quite fair and the music is good too.
Great Family owned place to get all of your BBQ supplies!
Way too expensive for the quality of the restaurant. Applebee's level of ambience; service; and food. But the entrees were $25-40 each.
Ate here for New Years; was a fantastic experience. Food is iron chef quality....love it! :)
I ended up leaving my house last Saturday evening and noticed I had a flat tire.  Ended up putting my spare on and brought the tire by Sam's to see if they could fill it up since it showed no damage. They went above and beyond to inspect the tire for leaks then not only filled it but balanced it as well.  Very helpful service and couldn't have asked for more.  Turned my night around to say the least.  Thank you Kenny and Cameron.  Been going to this Sam's for a while now and will continue to do so.
This festival is one of my favorite annual events in Phoenix.  I loved the new downtown location; but I had trouble locating the bike racks; which turned out to be by the beer garden.  I love the fact that this was such a bike and light rail-friendly location.  This year; the festival sold tickets to taste samples from local restaurants.  I thought it was a great idea; and sampled lots of goodies.  I enjoyed the beer and wine garden; and the fact that there were multiple breweries represented there.  I thought the music has been better in past festivals; but I still whole-heartedly recommend this event.
So; I had The Jerk Chicken; Rice and Peas With Plantains and a Beef Pattie. The Jerk Chicken had a good spice to it. I've Been here a few times before this places is pretty good I like the Jerk Chicken I also had The Curry Chicken and The Curry Goat was not a big fan of the Curry Dishes and I do like Curry. But the Patties and the Jerk Chicken I do recommend. The only thing In my mind about this place that is a downer is the prices 12+ and I didn't get full other then that it's a good place to check out. I will good back again
Bad choice for a Saturday lunch.  For some reason; we were seated in the bar. No big deal I guess. Server  was not friendly about how she informed us that the cheaper priced margaritas were a pre mix....we wanted a margarita but it was just the way it was presented that made us stick to water. It took forever to get our food. One burrito and a grilled chicken salad. I'm pretty sure she forgot to turn our order in. The part that really ticked me off is that she made no mention of the delta until she brought the check. Service was lousy. I also blame their management for poor training. Food was ok.... Too many Mexican food choices to say that I will be back.
Great car wash and coffee. A little pricey; but what do you expect for North Scottsdale.
Heading to catch a flick at The Arizona Center. Decided to checked out Mi Amigo's. To start with; it took about 5 minutes before anyone bother to talk to us. Once we did get to order; we opted to share the tortilla soup and the chicken fajitas. The tortilla soup was really bad. It tasted like a mix of chili powder and salt. We ended up sending it back. The chicken fajitas were actually ok; but not great. The real downer was the service. Waitstaff appeared to be fairly apathetic about the place. Limited interested in actually taking our order; bringing out food; etc..Overall; there are much better choices. You should look elsewhere if you are hungry for Mexican food.
This place is full of senior citizens and is located near many retirement communities. Atmosphere is 3/5; food is 3/5; service is 3/5.. Nothing special; won't be coming back.
I have been to this salon a handful of times; each time I was satisfied until my last visit in May. I had gotten my hair done by Elizabeth in April. She dyed my hair and cut it exactly how I asked. I was planning on going to another salon to get my hair styled for my wedding in May; but she seemed competent enough and really understood my vision for what I wanted my hair to be like for the wedding. It was pretty simple. Wrap around braid with loose curls. We even looked at a few pictures. Since it was so simple; and I didn't really have time... I was finishing up my final semester at school we agreed that we would not do a trial run through and we would just go for it on the wedding day. Well on my wedding day; my bridesmaid and I show up to get our hair done. Elizabeth; whom I had confirmed I would be seeing the day prior; was in the process of doing someone elses hair. The owner; Ella; had an appointment with my friend. She sat her down right away while I waited... and waited. Finally; about 30 minutes later another stylist walks in and says that she would be doing my hair because Elizabeth was no where near being done. At this point; I'm running out of time. So I sit down and think; this really can't be that hard to screw up. I was completely wrong. AN HOUR later my curls are falling out; and I am basically in tears. I am forced to rush home to completely redo my singed hair and make the best out of it. I did not get a single apology from Elizabeth; and the owner Ella; seemed to not have a care in the world. I will NEVER return to this salon and would not recommend it to anybody who needs a reliable salon.
Goes down in history as one of me and my guy's favorite places with the best memories. What I appreciate most about this place; is how they maintain a somewhat peaceful ambiance compared to the rest of mill ave; even in the midst of the chaos!
Some of the rudest employees I have ever encountered.  Ended up leaving without even dropping off the clothes I stopped by to sell; I was so turned off by their lack of customer service.
I love Picture Show; its the best thing about Paradise Valley Mall!You don't have to spend a months salary because their ticket and concession stand prices are extremely reasonable and the cheapest in town. The theaters themselves are clean and small; but you still get stadium seating with fluffy cushions; and they are never crowded.  Its also fun to go to Fuzziwigs Candy Factory (a candy by the pound store) and get some unique sweets to munch on between between handfuls of yummy popcorn. Another Yelper had mentioned to park by the food court/carousel parking garage; which I agree; but you can also park by Macy's and cut through the department store to get to the theater. Picture Show is a hidden gem; no long lines - ever. You always get to see the movie you want; when you want; and ticket prices always put a smile on my face. Five shiny stars; but don't come here...I want it all to myself!
This place was delicious. Im a vegetarian and I found this place to have a good selection and what I ate was tasty to boot. I went for lunch on a saturday; they had a special 9 pizza w/ salad $9.95ish in price. I had the goat cheese pizza it was about 4 slices and the veggie salad (avocado; jicama; white beans; green beans; tomatoes; house mozzarella; herb vinaigrette) honestly the salad was better than the pizza. The pizza crust reminds me of a sweeter version of true italian pizza- thin; crisp; personal sized.
Its good pizza....We have  a Rosatis in vegas but it didnt taste the same....maybe i am used to my local Rosatis but the deep dish had too much tomatoes and thin crust was not as crispy...overall the pizza was still better than others we have tried in the Phoenix area.....
Amazing! Cali eggs benny was yummy! Stop in and give it a try! Carnitas was Delish too:)
Burgers overdone. Onion rings under cooked. Kids chicken tenders undercooked. $70+ for lunch for 2 adults and 2 kids; no alcohol and we shared a side of fries & rings. Way too expensive for what you get. We won't be back.
Love this place!
Great pizza; great host; wobbly tables.  ;-)
I came here for a friends birthday and was blown away. It reminds of being back home in the Midwest! The food is incredible with service to match!
Thank you for your help; I recently lost my job and Dr lee did everything she could and helped me accomplish my goals without having to hound in the insurance company! It has been a week since my procedure and you would never known the improfections were there! Thank you soo much! THE results are SO greatt and truly appreciate your help!
Fantastic location; very quiet and really great room layouts.  I couldn't have been happier with the quality of the customer service too!  If you need a hotel room in Chandler; this is your place ;-)
My husband's favorite place to eat; and I love it too! We have never had something here we didn't love but our favorites are the Fez burger; and the Chicken Tan Tan (I think thats what Its called!) The food is so great; and the staff is always very friendly. When we first started coming here they played Finding Nemo on a big projector; it is silly and trivial but I loved that! It was so fun!
Great and affordable food ... Service is also great ...They really help you in choosing the food..Ambiance is OK but has lot of scope to improve on it.
This has been the best restaurant experience (x3) I have had since moving to Scottsdale from NYC. Unfortunately; the next time I come; I will have to sell off my first born-- well future first born.Everything is right about City Hall. The ambiance; the service; the food. Dear god; the steaks are orgasmic!I have been in Scottsdale for 10 months; and the food scene here is reminiscent of NY in the 19--- well; no its not reminiscent of any time period of NYC.  I applaud many of the up and comers and hope they are able to find their footings; but the way to keep your customers is to provide exemplary service. To date I have only found that type of service here at City Hall.I don't need a hipster server to take a seat in the booth with my date and I amd start pointing to various menu items- um- you are not eating with me!I don't need a server to pull out crayons and start circling menu items on the place mate cuz; I am NOT 5 years old!As an adult; I do like having a cocktail at the bar; served by a very professional bartender; having my cocktail brought to the table (and in some cases have the tab transferred). The live music; is on the muzak side; but that kitsch is the only thing that is out of place here. Though; may I say it is fun to sing along in my Wayne Newtown swagger!Very attentive waitstaff going through the gi-normous offerings of the menu and cautioning to not over order (thanks!) and bringing the extra Atomic Horseraddish to make my face feel like its about to fall off.The Porterhouse is to die for; Seafood; amongst-- NO-- the freshest I have had in Scottsdale (yes; even fresher that the Salt Cellar) The desserts; well lets say they are heavenly. Hard to eat the molten cake after gorging myself on a ridculous amount of food; but YUMMMM....But it all comes with a price. I have been lucky to have come here with an ex- boyfriend that loves this place. But now that he is gone; I will have to resort to selling my furure first born child on Craigslist to sate my desire to have another porterhouse at City Hall.
Possibly the worst sushi I had in Phoenix area. maybe the place is good for Happy Hour but for lunch the sushi was terrible and not even cheap! Also extremely small portions. There are so many better alternatives.
Love it. Great; delicious food. Good value. Very friendly staff who are all family. I love going here in the evenings and having the soup or noodle dishes and of course the spring rolls. Hands down good food and a good experience. Great job!!!
12/02/12 Stopped at the Scottsdale Fashion Square mall location and dropped off my mercury Valencia handbag to have it cleaned and repaired and was going to buy a new merlot Valencia handbag to help deal with parting with the other; but was told by a salesclerk that the last piece was sold just a few minutes before.  I asked if she could check if other locations have it on stock and voila!; the Kierland branch had two and Carla (name?) would hold one of them for me.  By the time I'd arrived to buy the bag here; the store had closed early to prepare for a private viewing later on in the evening; but Carla (or the manager that evening) let me in; gave me the bag for inspection; and even extended an invitation for me to grab a couple of See's truffles from one of the stations of truffles and petit fours on display for the night's guests and a bottle of water (as is customary when shopping at Brighton's) as she finalized the sale.  It's nice to feel appreciated by Brighton staff; no matter which location I shop at!  :)
Called them about a DirecTV installation I was looking into and they were perfectly willing to do that for me; but Josh convinced me to take a look at Dish.  They completed the install on time; I'm paying less than I did for Cox TV; and they told me to stay with my Cox internet becaus that would be best for me even though thy had other things they could offer me.I felt completely taken care of an they helped me navigate the confusing world of bundles and prices.  I'm paying less; getting great service; and couldn't be happier.
Zoo LIghts gets better each year. This year they added more to the dancing lights that move to music. The ball in the middle of the pond and the trees surrounding the pond on each side dance now. This is a great event for families and dates. A nice cup of hot chocolate and a stroll to see all the lights is a great way to get into the holiday spirit. They have a talking giraffe as well for the kiddos. I do recommend going during the week if possible to avoid the crowds but they are open even on Christmas and New Years eve. It ends on January 6th so you still have time to get over there and extend your holidays!
Oh Jimmy Johns you know I love your fresh bread and when I'm at work and forgot my lunch and craving a sandwich; I just call you and you bring me one; I like our relationship; it's been going good; but last few times you have failed me and left me a little sadToday I called and ask you for a #12 with no tomatoes (coworker heard great things about and wanted to give you a try) and a #11 with extra Dijon & all the freebies and while the #12 turned out perfect; the 11 was lacking any Dijon and no hot peppers. It was still a great sandwich; just wasn't quite the perfect one. But my coworker did enjoy her #12.Let's try to mend this relationship the next time I call........
Love the happy hour - half off appies and $3 micro brew pints.  Go for the pizza crust with cheese for $3.25 - basically a deconstructed cheese pizza for 1/4 the price.  Meat and cheese board is also great and very filling.  Spring for the wood fired za (Shriners Pavone Pepperoni is a personal favorite); but don't come before 5pm as they will still be stoking the hardwood flames. I have a dream of someday locking down one of the 3 high top tables in the bar area; always taken by regulars that seem to live there. I have tried almost all the menu items and have yet to be disappointed.  Service is always great - Cody is top notch; high energy and knows his brews.  If Shaun White and the dude waiter from Chotchkie's (Office Space) had a baby; it would be him...
We just got back from our trip to CA and everything went great.  We really appreciate the personalized service we received and the large selections of motor homes to choose from.  I would definitely recommend using RV Rental Outlet.
Ordered chicken wings along with our pizza; I guess that gal up front didn't know that there fryer wasn't working... needless to say didn't get the wings... oh well.  The kids had fun; except for that one game that took our coins and didn't deliver the opportunity to play... did get a refund... will not be visiting this location anytime soon...
New store in Biltmore
A hole-in-the-wall on Calle 16; best known for an entirely different class of south-of-the-border fare at Barrio Cafe; Mariscos Playa Hermosa does Mexican-style seafood better than anyone in the Valley. Each meal starts with not only the customary chips and salsa; but an outstanding complimentary ceviche tostada. Favorites include Seven Seas Soup; Camarones Culichi; and of course their ceviche; which comes in several varieties. Most dishes come with beans and rice; but these are not the typical refried pintos and tomato-heavy rice typical of Mexican restaurants. Lovers of scorch-your-mouth spices should try the guacamole; which is heavy on the jalapeno. Portions are huge and service is outstanding.
Sat down at the exact time as the guy next to me; who was served promptly.  Had to flag down the manager to get somebody to take my drink order; and the place is only about one-third full.  Waitress; when she did come; got my order wrong.  Finally got my beer; Noche Dulce from Borderlands Brewery in Tucson.  It's a vanilla porter; and delicious.  Had a great conversation with another downtowner.  Enjoyed watching the staff serve beer flights.  Tried to go back later to take my daughter to dinner; but the kitchen closed at 10:00.  Too bad; because the menu looked interesting.
Great spot. Great Bar! Have only been once with a party of 3; got us right in; on a thur night around 700!
When I go out of town; I love parking here at the parking spot!  They are less expensive than anywhere else around and all of their spots are covered. You have to have that here in Phoenix. You always get a bottle of water on the way out and they always offer coupons on their website. Just be sure you print it off because they can't take it off of your phone.
Great customer service; very good deals to be had; and a constantly revolving inventory make this one of the best stops to make in Phoenix.I try to make it here a few times a month to catch some of the deals they consistently have.Check out their crossroads of the west booth if you can; it is when they bring out the best inventory and often the best prices.
I understand that the clothes at H&M are cheap; but I don't care what kind of a 'bargain' Im getting; I cannot wrap my head around flat out RUDE employees. I was honestly floored by how abrasive; short; and far from helpful the people at this store were. It was honestly as if they were doing me a favor by being there! No thanks :); I'll walk over to forever 21 and spend a little less on something I'll wear for one season; and at least deal with employees that can crack a smile.
Oh Macayo.... You are a part of my youth; and I am destine to return to you ....The food is predictably decent; drinks are reasonable; service is good.
Moving next to things much more familiar to four wheeled dining; the classic hot dog cart took on a whole new look thanks to Brad and Kat at Short Leash Hot Dogs.  Generally not a fan of the American standard beef on a bun with condiments but far more interested in artisanal sausages and the like it was the all-natural Bratwurst from Schreiner's Fine Sausages that first turned my head; but it was the condiments that sold me hook; line and sinker.With each variation of dog named after a pooch of their own; or one of a friend; as I was told by one of the workers while I waited the cart serves up approximately half a dozen signatures plus daily specials; and a build your own option all atop pillowy flatbread (think pita; but with a more open and airy crumb) and although many sounded good none sounded on par with the Bear - a dish called 'stupid good' by a trusted palate and on first seeing; then tasting the concoction a very fair assessment.Described on the menu as Peanut Butter; Cracker Jacks; smoked Gouda; Bacon and BBQ Sauce and in my case tinged with a bit of spice from the all-pork Brat this $6 concoction literally hits every part of the palate like a sweet; salty; crunchy; fatty; creamy; and spicy sledgehammer.  Whimsical and fun but decidedly not an everyday indulgence it's the sort of dish that could assuredly fail under many circumstances and fall under the absurdities or Man vs. Food category; but instead it just works beautifully - a dish that would not be out of place at any number of haute hotdog purveyors in other major cities and more than enough reason to give Short Leash another taste at a later date.
Despite being founded oh so many moons ago and being one of the older continuously-operating restautants in town; Garcias las Avenidas does little to distinguish itself from the local chain that shares its name. The food is typical gringo Sonoran style. That in itself isn't a complaint. Sometimes a girl just wants a taco and an enchilada; and the original Garcia's provides that just fine. They also provide good service; though on occasion it's also slow service; particularly after the meal when we'd like to get the check and get out. And most recently they also provide loud; obnoxious kids that crawl over people's tables; throw food; and climb walls. Seriously. I was hoping someone would stop this one kid from using a retaining wall as a balance beam before he fell and hurt himself; but then when nobody did I was almost hoping he'd fall so his oblivious family would leave. I don't expect a business to watch other people's kids but I do expect them to say something when a kid (or an adult for that matter) is disrupting the meals of every other customer in the place. And this sort of circus is happening at Garcia's with greater frequency. Still; they provide a better Meximerican meal than Macayo's; Manuel's or Arriba; so they stay on my OK list for now.
A year or two ago; Arizona Center was a destination for shoppers in need of Kokopeli socks or shot glasses blazoned with cacti. No more; no more! The kitschy tourist shops are gone; except for the flag store and the sports logo store. Most of the retail store fronts are simply empty.Restaurants are still around and range from pizza-by-the-slice through mediocre Mexican to kitschy family dining to high-end sit-down dining. If you're a conventioneer at a downtown hotel and want a walk and some palm-tree-infused atmosphere; you've got lots of dinner choices.The major reason to come here; at this point; is that you live/work in or near downtown and want either (a) to see a movie or (b) to sit by a fountain and eat. Both of those functions are quite adequate and mean you took light rail or walked. DO NOT use the parking ramp. The few times I've tried it; I've ended up in a line of exiting cars with unreadable tickets. The parking system doesn't work; and it dumps you into some odd bit of turn this way only lanes at the edge of downtown.If it's tourist kitsch you need for pals back home; you're now stuck trekking to Old Town Scottsdale.
This place nails it every time! I always anticipate a wait no matter what time I go as this place is THAT popular. Their sangria is delicious; tuna sashimi salad with ginger lime dressing is just WOW and the red velvet cake is simply scrumptious. The only problem I have had here was asking for no cilantro in my salad - it seemed to cause a problem. But everything else is so great that something like that is far too minor to affect my rating. They have a great patio and a lot of seating space. The service is always great as well.
Oh; man; I so wanted to like this place.  I recently tried Peruvian food for the first time in San Francisco and I decided to give Villa Peru a try because of the rave reviews.  Honestly; the only reason I'm giving it two stars instead of one is because of the super-enthusiastic waiter.  In terms of food; there is much to be desired.  I ordered Arroz con Pollo and sadly; the 'Arroz' part of this pairing went straight in the trash after two bites because it was incredibly undercooked.  After the first bite of semi-raw rice; I decided to have a second because I was incredulous that such a simple step as checking to make sure that their rice is properly cooked could have been omitted.  Second bite; just as crunchy as the first. Furthermore; the 'cilantro rice' they pride themselves on is simply a medley of rice mixed with some green ingredient (I'm guessing that's the cilantro) plus what is clearly frozen mixed veggies (peas; corn; and carrot).  The frozen bagged veggies are just lazy and remind me of food you'd feed a toddler.  Moving on to the 'Pollo'.  This very small piece of chicken had NO flavor whatsoever.  It was a sad bird sitting on a giant pile of crunchy under-cooked rice.  The bird was so sad; I think I even saw it shed a tear.  Finally; I have to agree with a previous reviewer regarding their lunch menu pricing.  I cannot see how such a simple meal (assuming it at been cooked properly) with such humble ingredients could warrant a $14 price tag.  We're not talking foie gras here; folks.  It's just chicken and a side of rice (or in my case; a giant pile of rice with a side of chicken).  They've got to drop their lunch menu entree prices by at least $5 to be competitive.  Bottom line; I simply cannot recommend this place given the depressing food and the comically high price point.
Went here the other day for the first time.  It was really good; and Im looking forward to going back again and trying other things.  I had the Meat and Cheese pastie with the Red Wine Gravy.  ummm YUM!  I also had a side of baked beans.  Probably the closest thing I have had to and Australian Meat Pie in years.  I am really looking forward to going back and trying sheppards pie; made with minced LAMB.  You can get to go orders as well.
I was pleased to find they offer duck on their menu & the portion of duck fried rice I ordered was plentiful. (Didn't blow my hair back; though)I placed an order to go and was pleased with the item; but there wasn't anything special or terrible about it. I may have to try a dine-in experience just to see if we can give this place more stars.
Feeling sad; let down by the world? Despondent over a recent hangnail or paper cut? Angry that your boss ignored your fine work yet again? All of these and countless more would be fine reasons to come to SOL and have a Mango Con Chile Frozen Margarita. Sweet; spicy; goes down real smooth. And then you need to have another. And then another. And then another. Unrelatedly; you should definitely have someone drive you here and away from here.The food was good; I think. I was drunk; I don't really remember. I think I recall it being good. There was some shrimp appetizer where you have to pull off the shrimp's heads. Hey; they're already dead; I say. They don't feel it. They had some delicious corn appetizer; too; and then these cool taco things you can get a la carte or grouped for you; if I recall correctly. Again; I was drunk.Nice ambiance; friendly waiter. And yeah; get that drink or three of them.
Maybe I am a Western wear snob but as far as I am concerned if you are looking for real Western wear; you go to Saba's.  They have been around as long as dirt and won't be gone any time soon.  Quality is why any store stays around for any length of time and Saba's has it.   The staff is always very knowledgeable and provide the same kind of service.  I have found when I am shopping for any type of Western wear if they don't have it; what I might find elsewhere usually is going to disappoint me.  I just start at Saba's.  In Scottsdale; Saba's has two stores across the street from each other.  One is clothes and boots.  The other has only boots.  This is boot nirvana!  Don't miss it! Now the question of prices must be addressed.  They are from moderate to pricey. When you see what they have to offer; this comment will make sense.  You CAN spend money there but what a way to do it!
BEST DENTIST EVER!!!  From the moment you walk in the office you feel welcome.  The staff is very nice and Dr. Shults is great with kids!  He makes them feel important and safe.  They have iPads for the kids to play with while they wait and televisions on the ceiling to take their mind off what is going on.  They have tokens to get prizes for being good.  I agree with the first review; I wish he would do adult dental work!My five year old son has never opened his mouth for a dentist but Dr. Shults was great at getting him to open his mouth.  He even asked when he could go back to the dentist!My nine year old daughter had to have a tooth pulled and he made her feel at ease and like it was no big deal.  She couldn't even feel it; didn't jump or squirm.Not only is he good with kids but he explains everything very well.  I would recommend them to anyone!!!
Three taco's for $6; and that's the every day price. ;-)I've had Two Hippies Beach House about three times now and there's just something about them that doesn't quite sit right. I want to love them for the $6 / three tacos meal; but my GI system seems to say otherwise. I've had different combinations of tacos here with varying success; and since I'm no masochistic I must gracefully withdraw my name from ballot for Duke of the Beach House. - no write in's; please.Maybe it's the enourmose portions per taco; or perhaps the combination of spices used when cooking the beef. Maybe it was the rice; or extra sliced jalepenos I always ask for. Either way; the food had a good taste; and a great price; but just doesn't agree with my sensitive 'personality'; I guess. :-/Alas; I live to fight the good (food) fight in this ever lasting battle.Happy Yelping Phoenix.
I'd like to give 3.5 stars. It's not just A-OK but it's not exactly my first choice either.We were treated to dinner here last night by boyfriend's visiting aunt and her S.O.- The atmosphere was very nice; we sat in the room with the Great Glass Fireplace in the center and floor-to-ceiling windows all around; with a view of the fountain.- They offered local craft beer selections (including Nimbus; Oak Creek and Four Peaks - yay!) at a reasonable $6.- Extensive dessert menu; none of this 4 or 5 choices; this thing was a whole page by itself.- The dark chocolate brulee was (I should say is; I'm eating the leftovers right now) AMAZING. Sugar burnt perfectly; like when you toast the edge of a marshmallow; rich dark chocolate; raspberries. So good!Negatives:- Menu was pretty limited - fine dining restaurants are usually limited; but not with a bunch of relatively boring options; their limited offerings usually  have enough interesting twists that you can find SOMETHING that jumps out at you. Not here. Fried chicken and mac and cheese and meatloaf? Odd. - My entree (the trout) and boyfriend's (pasta with shrimp) were just OK. The trout and shrimp were cooked nicely but the flavors lacked something. Maybe more lemon on mine? It did refer to it as braised lemon...- Service was a little awkward - the waitress asked if she could start us off with some waters and we all said Uh... sure?  It wasn't the water offering; it was that it was like she was selling us on the waters instead of real drinks. She didn't seem to really know anything about the menu either - she went around the table and her description of each of our orders was that they were very good or really popular. I was amused that she was treating me as the Alpha 'of the table - guess I was intimidating; heehee.- $6 for a domestic draft is pushing it; especially with craft beers being the same price.- Bathrooms are light years and eons away; OUTSIDE of the restaurant. Weird.
Oh Mido; you're too fun. They have some of the best prices in the Valley and still haven't let go of the All-You-Can-Eat Deal! The guys behind the bar are super fun; talk them up; tip them and you'll see the enthusiasm they have for what they do.Their fish is fresh; and the servers are quick/on their game. I've never had a bad time or meal here. It's more laid back than other places and if it's your birthday they'll bust out the overhead disco ball for a brief moment to congratulate you on staying alive for another year.Woo! Check em out if you want a relaxed; well price sushi meal on the East Side.
I have been getting my signs ans whatever Scott can do for years! Since 1995. I highly recommend these guys. In fact; ordering again from them today! Thanks Scott!
Dr. Pease made my office visit very pleasurable and I felt at home.  The office's hygienist; Roxanne; was very knowledgeable as well with great cleaning tips.. Dr. Pease brings professionalism and top shelf service to the table; which makes for a great decision when choosing your dentist. Once again; another timely appointment.  I would highly recommend.
This is a diiirrrrrttttttyyyyy restaurant.  The combination of open space; small size and constant wok cooking (yes I know it's a Chinese place and that's how the food is prepared) fills the air; furniture and fixtures with grease.  Not enough cleaning goes on to stay ahead of the dirt/grease/whatever combination that coats the tables; chairs and whatever else.Now all of the above being said; the cooking area in the restaurant is relatively clean...so good news there.So regardless of how dirty/greasy/whatever the place happens to be I decided to eat there any way.Food was ok.  As a matter of fact it was better than just about any other Chinese place I've been to in the immediate area.  I just kind of think this is a carry out place versus eat in.Gave it a 3 because the food was halfway decent.  If I went on cleanliness it would probably be a 1.
(review is just for Zoo Lights) I came here with my husband to check out the special Zoo Lights holiday special and really enjoyed it. Zoo Lights at Phoenix Zoo offers a great visual appeal for the whole family to check out Christmas lights; but in a non traditional way. There are lights that look like they move; by having let's say a shape of tiger run around in a circle and such. Tree's are also adorn with lights throughout the park as well. And this event occurs at night since that't the best time to look at holiday lights. But the donwfall of this is that most of the animals are sleeping (after all; even stars need their beauty rest). Anyways; this zoo is actually pretty big ; although the price isn't as low as I would want  to pay (for Zoo Lights; it's much cheaper). There is also plenty of parking available here. Overall; great place to bring the kids (and adults; especially for the Zoo Lights)
I've been coming to Yen about 3 years now.  Ive learned to wait til the evening happy hour for better service.   Try not to get the older woman its like she looks down on you even though your tipping her.
Great food! I had the burger & Sweet Potato Fries. GREAT burger and the dipping sauce with the fries is awesome.
Beautiful desert course. Perfect condiction. Friendly staff. Nothing have to complain about. Expensive green fee is justified. Casino and hotel is less than one mile away; in case you need a place to stay in and play. Casino itself is not as good as Talkingstick. But golf is at a higher class than Talkingstick. Check out the rating/slope of the course you will find out the course is not tough as a golf course but 'tough' amount all resort courses that are designed to please tourists.
Bravo!Went for dinner; and liked it so much; went back two nights later.Name it; service; cuisine; ambiance (you need a flashlight or candle to read the menu); or friendliness...this is the place!Date night? Yes. Celebration? Yes. Gourmet enrichment? Yes. The guacamole ROCKs; order it! The street corn rocks; order it!  The grits (both types) rock; order both! Try any recipe with pork shoulder. Each bite is a celebration of flavor. I was pounding on the table with joy. Pumpkin bread pudding was a celebration of wonder. Order it.Don't come without a reservation unless you feel lucky. We saw people being turned away. Come hungry. They limit your time...so say for a 5:15 reservation; they politely indicate when being seated that you have until 7 (rare; but they do it well). This didn't bother us at all as we had plenty of time.This place is a Scottsdale must; possibly even a Phoenix must. You MUST dine here.Bon appetit!
Me and my coworkers thought that this was a YC's location.... as it was not!!!! Presentation to me sells everything and this placed looked like a 80's retro theme on accident!!!!
Words cannot describe how completely awesome this event was....mostly because I was stuffing my mouth with food all night! This event tops all the ones I've been to thus far. Thank you Lindsey and Tanzy for putting this together!!!! I was completely impressed from start to finish. From our glass of champagne to the goodie bag and everything in between. The staff at Tanzy were great-helpful; friendly; and knowledgeable about the menu and delicious wines. What a nice idea during the holidays too; to seat all of us together and serve family style. We had a blast and can't wait to check out a movie at iPic with our passes!!! Thank you!!!
Dropped in here to pick up a few items during the Christmas shopping period. It was tough because they had a new guy working and he didn't know how to use the computer real well so checkout took forever. I normally wouldn't hold that against an establishment; but it was how the supervisor handled it that I'm giving them 2 Stars. Instead of helping the guy through the entire process; he would only help a little and then leave him alone; which made the process agonizingly slow. I could understand if he was doing this to assist other customers; but he wasn't. He was flirting with the other 2 girls who worked there...talking about whether they liked the new Samsung Galaxy or the iPhone 5...ridiculous. I felt really bad for the new guy. I hope it gets better for him. I bought what I needed and then bolted out of there. It took 20 min to get through my checkout....no exaggeration. Return Factor - 30%
Old equipment that is usually broken. There is ALWAYS at least one broken machine; usually cardio. The place is very dirty and smelly. The AC never seems to be working. The front desk staff are usually to busy being on their cell phones or talking to other staff to acknowledge you.  I'm considering driving to 43 ave and bell. That is a nice one!
I am so happy LGO is at Sky Harbor. I travel a lot and I look forward to hitting up terminal D for my LGO fix. The food is the same as the original location; without the lines of course. It's so nice to see some of the best restaurants in phoenix; at sky harbor.
I've been to 4 different Drybars; and this one was BY FAR the best. I believe my stylist name was Jessica; or Jessie? She has short brown hair and a little piercing above her lip. Very sweet; and did the most amazing sex kittenish; 60's; amazing beautiful blowout. She made my thin hair look thick and amazing!!! Unfortunately; I've had one of the worst blowouts at another location. But I wanted to give this one props. Every girl in there looked gorgeous. Best Drybar; definitely!
This place is a true gem in Phoenix! Easily a top restaurant in the valley. We had the fresh guacamole made table side; the enchiladas suizas and the carne asada and pork tacos. We all kept looking at each other with amazement by how good everything was tasting. The place is small and quaint; but the ambience is so nice. They don't take reservations; so you may have to wait. But it's so worth it! Will definitely be back!
Best vietnamese food EVER!  They make me feel like family when we visit.  Usually; I have one or two things I like at restaurants and stick with those; but everything on their menu is so good!  Gotta try it all.
At first I didn't like this theater because it wasn't as upscale as the iPic but this all changed after I brought my young son; who is 6; here because I has an awakening that this theater was the PERFECT setting for parents to bring their kids to enjoy movie and dinner at the same time and being able to relax!!!!  The ticket pricing is extremely reasonable; the menu has a great selection of food prepared fresh. I love their kale salad and before I committed myself to working out; I loved their buffalo chicken wings as well. The grilled chicken tender with fresh vegetables is less that 300 calories for the entire order. That's what I'm ordering the next time I come here. I LOVE; LOVE watching movies- it's also the perfect place to come have lunch and catch a movie whether you're with other girlfriends; significant other or alone. The atmosphere is receptive to all. The seats are also very comfortable. Yes; I've changed my mind. Now I LOVE this place!!!!
Decided to try out Eastwind after a couple friends and I had seen it was open last month.Recently; I have been addicted to Teharu as it has a similar conveyer belt system but after trying out Eastwind I highly doubt I will be going back to Teharu!The presentation of the sushi was fantastic!  The Rainbow Roll actually looked edible compared to Teharu's.  In general; they had much higher quality fish compared to the aforementioned sushi joint.Overall; if you're hungry for a quick bite of sushi; I'd definitely try this place out!I'll be back!:)
We have been to Pappadeaux restaurants before; in other cities; and have always enjoyed the experience.  This location was no exception.  Friendly; attentive service.  Great selection of seafood dishes and Cajun style entrees.  Mixed drinks were flavorful.  A bit pricey; but portions are very generous -- we went home with leftovers. Nice desserts that we took home with us.  Great experience.
best restaurant hands down; my bf & mine FAVmy bf and i have been here prob over 50 times. we moved back to Canada now but visit AZ every 3 months and always go at least once to the city hall mastros.I really like the ocean club one; but my bf insists on this one.amazing foodgreat barwonderful service
Two words: Toffee BanofiWe got one and wished we actually got four. So; so good. Alton Brown is right on about this being one of the best things I ever ate. Delicious almond brittle ice cream; toffee chunks; caramel; bananas; whipped cream; and a crispy waffle bowl...how can you even go wrong?The other ice cream flavors were pretty delicious too; but in the end overshadowed by the sundaes. Our server was very patient with our excessive sampling; and took time to make our sundae into a work of art. Sweet Republic is in the same league as many other ice cream greats I've been to: Bi-Rite; Ici; Salt & Straw; Creole Creamery; etc. I will return if I'm ever in the area again!
My husband and I decided to check out Zoo Lights because we didn't really know what to do in Arizona when we were visiting for a few days. Honestly; we were pretty bored in Arizona... and Zoo Lights was pretty much the highlight of our trip. Anyways; when we finally arrived around 6 pm (right when they start; and go until 10 pm) we really didn't know what to expect but were pretty impressed with all of the lights when we entered the parking lot; looking for parking (which there is plenty of by the way; but don't expect a spot right next to the entrance with all the other people wanting to check this out). I loved seeing all of the lights on the trees; aisles; walkways; buildings; etc. I also really loved the lights that moved and made it look like there was a tiger running in a circle or a bear moving his arms up and down. Honestly; this was a really fun little place to be for holiday lights (even if you aren't 12 and under). The majority of the animals were sleeping when we arrived (well they were probably up all day entertaining people... stars deserve to sleep); but we still did see a few animals (but forgot which animals they were at the moment). There is the sting ray area where you can touch the creatures in the touch tank; for a small fee; that are very much awake and moving if you want to watch that (which is near the entrance of the park). Honestly; paying only a mere $10 (each) was a steal (parking was free when we went) because it gave us something to do; helped us get into the holiday spirit and made for some great pictures and gave our eyes and brains a dazzling visual appeal. I don't really see myself coming back to Phoenix anytime soon; but if I ever come back and it's around November or December; then I would make sure to stop by Zoo Lights again.
It's a gym. Nothing too special about it. I only went here for a couple of months and it didn't seem like equipment got fixed very quickly. Some of the equipment and especially the padding on some of the machines looks like it needs to be replaced. For a cheap gym this place works; if you want a nice gym look elsewhere.
The food is not equal to the price. The pizza is little and is too expensive and not so good; not as good as is advertised.  Maybe Guy Fierri was asleep when he was here.
For coffee and donuts I still think DD is the best. I guess when I was in my early 20's; the time I really started drinking coffee; I lived in Rhode Island and these were on every corner. You can't beat their boston cream donuts. Their original coffee is still the best hands down! I wish they had been more successful in getting espresso products so I didn't have to make my cappuccino at home! They do have a dunkachino which is a yummy mysterious coffee blend! I have no clue what is in it but it sure is good!
The food is divine. I wish I worked/lived closer. The are super friendly and fast. The place is a cave; but you don;t notce once you take a bite.
This is the first time in many years I have stopped here.  I did at one point have some exceptional customer service the one time I needed help but overall I just don't care for this location as well as a couple of others.  Today the check out was more trouble than it needed to be and the person manning the self check was just sort of kicking back and not helping those who needed it and she only had one of the four check out points operational to cover.
LOVE LOVE LOVE Chick-fil-a.Soap in the bathroom smells like nasty ass.
I am a freelance graphic designer and started sending all of my projects to Avante. THey always do an amazing job and really know what type of paper/cuts will look best with my designs. The staff is always very friendly; the prices are great and the quality is fantastic!
Always friendly. Always yummy. Always quick. I love that I can use my virtual Starbucks card on my smart phone to pay for my purchase.
I love this place.Its a great; chill place to go. All the bartenders are super friendly and I never have to wait to get a drink; shot or food. Not only is the staff friendly; but so are all the customers.The wineburgers are delicious and the baskets of onions rings and fries are huge; definitely share with someone!
Great atmosphere. Great coffee. Horribly boring and bland food.
No wonder blockbuster is going out of business. They arent very observant when i was needing help. they were very rude and didnt care to tell me all of the information i was looking for from them. its very dirty and not well organized.
since the day i found out i was prego i was shopping here just about ever month... then when my daughter came we were there just about every week getting things we needed or had to return/exchange things.... once she was a little older and i already had everything she needed i come here when i go to baby showers or need certain things for my daughter... i go else where for diapers and formula since its a little pricey for things at BRU then other stores. i do order some toys from Toys R Us and Babies R Us and they ship it to the store i choose (which is this one on mayo) so its easy for me to pick it up and its free. Staff are pretty friendly and helpful when i needed assistance.
It's a Wal-Mart; what do you really expect? Got some good times and bad times in here. The really good thing is that it's connected to Christown Spectrum so you can go there when you get treated poorly here. Not all employees suck though; like all places. They are kind of slow; though.
11/30/12I've wanted to visit Razz's Restaurant for YEARS; but could never get the timing right.  I met the owner/chef years ago and would occasionally see him where I work; so I kept telling myself to go have dinner at Razz' soon.  It's part his fault; really; since he keeps changing his business hours throughout the year. Nowadays; his resto is open for dinner on Tuesdays through Saturdays and closed on Sundays and Mondays.  For two or three months in the summer; he closes shop and visits Europe; and then comes back and opens on Fridays and Saturdays for a couple of months before operating full-on for five days starting around October; but don't quote me on this; as I'm a bit hazy on the details.What I am not hazy on; though; is that the food I had here rocked!  While on break at work; I decided that tonight would be the night to try Razz'.  I called up around 630p to make reservation plans for 830p; but said that I most likely will show up earlier.  Would that be a problem?; I asked; and he said no.  He asked if I would like to sit at the bar/counter; and I asked if I could just be seated somewhere quiet; since I work in a very noisy environment all day; so he said he'd seat me at a booth...Wasn't too hard to find parking; and I finally found out why the place looks deserted from the outside--the front really isn't a front; but just a blacked-out window; and the entrance is in the back.  The restaurant is larger than I expected it to be; and I found the interior to be very inviting and; dare I say; almost seductive?  I liked some of the paintings that graced the walls; and some just didn't fit in with the rest.  I'd have to say that these off paintings must've been the ones for sale.  (I read on Razz' website that local artists' have works on display.)One of the two hiccups during tonight's service was my first serving of bread; which arrived slightly cold and not as fresh as I would've liked.  No matter; as I ate the crispiest of the crusts; and left the rest in the basket and asked for a second batch http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/K64Uw3a2Enh2MznpwRHWKQ?select=wMHMwYLfMh1v9Ens1XxE-Q#wMHMwYLfMh1v9Ens1XxE-Q; explaining my fetish of eating just the warm/hot crusts to my server; who willingly obliged- I love that!  I also asked if I could sample a couple of reds before settling on a glass of wine.  The answer again was yes; of course.  I felt like dancing; because I felt like I was getting great service!  A man arrived shortly to assist me in finding the right red; so I asked him if he was a sommelier.  He said no; but that he will try to answer any questions I might have.  After a few questions I had on the cabs and a blend (nothing too dry; please!); he suggested I try a sample of the Barra Mendocino pinot noir '09 ($15/glass); and I loved it; and so I ordered a glass to go with one of the four dinner specials that night; the Peppered NY strip with mashed potatoes; a sub of sauteed greens; and fried onion strings on top; $30.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/K64Uw3a2Enh2MznpwRHWKQ?select=Oped4Oy1UNJbQQMdKubWoA#Oped4Oy1UNJbQQMdKubWoA  I asked for it to be cooked medium (pink throughout); but it was a bit on the rare side... I still enjoyed it very much; though! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/K64Uw3a2Enh2MznpwRHWKQ?select=D8vynNUfwYSNgupa4nLvvQ#D8vynNUfwYSNgupa4nLvvQ  I must warn you that this was indeed pepper-encrusted; so if pepper isn't your thing; you might want to opt for something else.  The second hiccup of the night was that; while I mentioned an allergy to mushrooms; I thought I detected something that looked like mushrooms on top of the steak; but these pieces didn't have the feel of 'shrooms.  I'd say they reminded me of water chestnuts; but a server confirmed that they were truffles; which also made me a bit wary; since truffles are similar to 'shrooms... I decided I'd avoid any more bites of these for the time being.  The mashed potatoes were buttery-smooth and chunky at the same time- I always try to control myself when it comes to white potatoes; but these were hard to stay away from; and the greens had a lovely dark-green color to them; were melt-in-your-mouth; but had a nice crisp at first bite; and they tasted tantalizingly of roasted peanuts; even though I was told that Razz' does not use any peanuts in any of the dishes here.  The fried onion strings just added even more fun to this dish (the more textures; the better; I say); and I was loving every bite!For dessert; I settled on the Triple chocolate torte http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/K64Uw3a2Enh2MznpwRHWKQ?select=yykeweLCsZcFrDdmivd8gw#yykeweLCsZcFrDdmivd8gw and a cup of brewed coffee.  Again; this course was exquisite!  It packed quite a punch of cacao; yet wasn't too rich- together with the coffee; I almost ate the entire slice!I shall return soon; and next time; I'm sitting at the counter!
Cowboy Ciao was an overall great dining experience! A group of six of us grabbed some late-night eats here immediately after a four-hour flight into the city. Our server was fantastic-- although we arrived less than two hours before their closing time; she greeted our group with much enthusiasm and satisfied all our curiosities about their menu highlights and extensive wine list. The atmosphere is classy; warm; and inviting-- a perfect date night spot!Although I limited myself to a bowl of soup; I was able to sample some of my group's picks; which included The Stetson Chopped Salad (phenomenal); truffled mac & cheese (great!); Buffalo Carpaccio; and the Berkshire Pork Belly (very delicious).Everyone walked away with a positive dining experience and only great things to say about their food. Next time I'm in town; I'll be returning to this spot!
One of the most elegant salons around! It was clean and professional. The vibe was welcoming and relaxing from the moment I walked in. They had great customer service; everyone was very friendly and kind. My stylist made me feel important and comfortable; I wasn't pressured to talk; but if I felt like having a conversation she was more than happy to listen to what I had to say and converse back with me. A huge plus for me was that they carry Aveda products; which is great because that's what I use at home. They are also locally owned; which makes it feel more personal in my opinion. I left feeling confident and beautiful! I will definitely be returning to The Blow Dry Bar by Kimberly and not only for the great blow out but it's also a great place for me to pick up more Aveda products! I would definitely suggest trying them out.
My neighborhood actually has a top tier cafe! I'm very excited about this place. It has everything: Great decor; unique menu; hi-quality food and beverage; too-cool-for-school hipster staff. I really have enjoyed everything I have consumed there. Every Saturday morning I get an iced chai latte; large; DIRTY! (double espresso shot). It gets my day going. They don't get 5 stars; solely because the hipster attitude comes across rude sometimes. Not a major deal; but 5 stars equals perfection to me. Keep up the great work! FYI: 32 Shea has a liquor license; so their drink menu is just as awesome.
Tried the chicken tempura combo meal ($5.69) without the sauce (I wanted to taste the quality of the food; not some sweet sauce). The food was cooked fresh once I ordered it. You have your choice of white; brown or fried rice or noodles; I went with fried rice. The chicken was fresh tasting with just the right amount of tempura batter (not greasy like some places). They also freshly grilled some veggies (cabbage; carrots; peas) and then loaded up a dish with the fried rice; veggies and tempura chicken. Lots of food and the employees were super friendly. I have had chicken tempura prepared by Japanese friends over the years and this compared well to the home made version. I would eat here again.
Talk about spoiled rotten! My lovely date; Angy B.; and I walked into the private party space and were immediately greeted with champagne. That's how you know you've hit it big. I could barely get my nametag on before we were happily sipping our way to the tables. After the nearby chairs filled with more joyous Elites; Larry; the manager of iPic; took a seat and explained a little more about what was to come... plus shared some incredible stories. Hilarious stories! I'll have to come back to hear some more of those stories.Food started being passed around and I would list all of them; but I'm pretty sure you'd rather salivate over the pictures instead. I WILL; however; tell you which my favorites were: the savory prosciutto and olive platter; crispy tempura fried brussell sprouts; incredible pan-seared scallops; delicious braised short rib; and the heavenly red velvet bread pudding dessert (and I don't even like bread pudding!). I still can't believe that's not even the half of it! Michael; the General Manager of Tanzy; sat next to me and gave us some very detailed descriptions of each plate that came out; but we insisted that our server; Isaiah; would come by and give us his version. He was so passionate about describing every piece in the most mouth-watering way! Sorry; Michael :)Let's at least touch on those wines. OH. MY. STARS. Those were real pours! Riesling; pinot noir; chardonnay; syrah/shiraz; and that final red... maybe a zinfandel? Perfect! If our glasses were empty; Michael or Larry was there making sure they were refilled by Darren. Angy and I pulled ourselves away from all things yummy to go participate in the White Elephant gift exchange and laughed our way through Lindsey picking the mooning gnome (which was stolen by a girl with the last name of Butts! Well deserved); met some more Yelpers; and walked away with some neat gifts. What a night! THANKS TO EVERYONE! Tanzy; iPic; Yelp; and of course Lindsey! I can't wait to take Angy on another date to iPic with our super fancy complimentary tickets and grab some Tanzy food to say hi to our new friends. Because you know I need some more of those scallops.
Great flavor.. i tried the Prosciutto; mozzarella; and basil. Loved it; definitely will be going back again.
Compared to the larger store on 43rd Ave; this store is much better overall (despite the smaller selection.) The customer service is amazing and they remember my girlfriend and I every time we go. I've never had a bad experience.
I'd much rather hit up Cartel before a flight than Starbucks. When I realized my gate was next to Cartel as I was about to go find Starbucks; I was overcome with joy. Whoever decided to put a Cartel in Sky Harbor is a genius.
I was here last week with 3 girls friends. It was a Wednesday night so it was not very busy. We ordered some sushi and drinks. I had the only Chardonnay they offer and the second glass tasted pretty off like it was old.  I had each one of my friends at the table take a small sip and everyone agreed there was something wrong with it. When I told our server she took the wine and said she would bring me a new one and she did.  A few minutes later the manager came over and was asking who had the wine and he had an attitude about the way he asked. He wanted to let ME know that it was the same wine and nothing was wrong with the first one. I said well it tasted off and instead of apologizing he proceeded to tell me it was the exact same... pretty much trying to make me look stupid.  Definitely wont be back unless its happy hour and I won't be getting any wine. I am giving one star for management. The food and other service would be about 3 stars...
Best airport restaurant that I have ever seen.  Something for everyone; my wife had an awesome salad; I had a Cuban sandwich; while my son had a wood-fired pizza.  Clean; affordable; and inexpensive.  They made a mistake on my Cuban and gave us a free red velvet cupcake.  An airport establishment that is concerned with customer service???  What a pleasant surprise.  If you are in this terminal; this is the place to be!
Don't let the Closed post stop you! There is another location in Tempe with the same menu. It's in the E part of the mall close to Harkins Theater. Nice open seating area and very fast service.
Trying them again.......So I went to the yardhouse again tonight for dinner with a friend. I haven't tried dinner service in a while. I must say that the food and service was much better during dinner than the past few times I've been there for lunch. I'm giving them 3 stars because they didn't ask if I wanted another martini after I finished my first and the steak was very under seasoned.
Food and service were fantastic - red chili beef was exceptional.  We will definitely come back. Service was friendly and fast.  Casual; friendly atmosphere. Things were a bit hectic at the front door with limited space for waiting. Otherwise a great experience.
Very cool atmosphere. Had breakfast here and it was really good.  Coffee is great; too.  The vibe is similar to La Grande Orange; but even more neighborhood market-y.  Focus on healthy; natural stuff (no Diet Cokes; but I can live with that!).  Reminds me of some places I've been to in LA neighborhoods like Silverlake or Abbot Kinney in Venice (for those of you who might be familiar with some of the hip locales in Los Angeles).  Haven't been to Luci's for lunch or dinner; but I just might do that in the next couple of weeks.
I was really disappointed. Although the bbq was decent the portions were small and the sides were terrible. It felt like a tourist trap and unless someone else is driving me there and paying I'll never return.
Delicious cocktails; GREAT service and some of the best guacamole I've ever had. Seriously. Order the guacamole. Came on a Saturday night and only had to wait about 15 minutes for a table (which is awesome).
I've yet to have a truly bad experience here; but the food takes an Eternity; the staff seem to hate working there and frequently forget to come back to the table. we live right by this denny's; and yet when we do our denny's get-togethers (unlimited pancakes are one of the few pluses.) We would much rather drive the extra few miles to the one on country club and southern.
I don't know how this place is in business. Fried rice tasted fishy and the pork was totally dried out. Sweet sour chicken had no vegetables. My understanding is that this dish has peppers; pineapple; etc.  Crystal shrimp was shrimp tossed in an over abundance of clumpy mayo with a few plain untoasted walnuts on top. Worst Chinese food ever; in a dark corner of a bad neighborhood and the restaurant is not fixed up nice at all. Stay away.
After being prodded months by my co-workers to try this place; i finally did.Here goes:I walk in and there are 2 blank TV screens above the counter. The staff is waiting for me to order something; but after an uncomfortably long pause by both sides; I finally had to say; is there supposed to be a menu up there or something? - Strike One.After they realize its not working; they spend several minutes trying to fix this; but since I only have an hour for lunch; I find a paper menu and begin to narrow down my selections. I go with some type of BBQ chicken sandwich (BBQ being key here as sauce is implied in BBQ) and the beans as a side. The beans were great.So before I go any further; let me just say that I was expecting at least some type of base BBQ sauce with the meat. This was not the case and since it was not explained to me (- Strike Two); I only grabbed one tiny cup of some sweet BBQ sauce and took my meal to go.Naturally; the tiny cup of BBQ sauce was not enough; and my sandwich was very bland and dry. In addition; I was expecting shredded chicken not small pieces that were maybe 1 1/2 inch by a 1/4 inch dropping all over the place but what landed the 3rd Strike was that this sauce tasted like nothing more than corn syrup and liquid smoke. Strike Three - I'm out!I may try it again; but I will know next time to stock up on some other sauce (there were 3 or 4 to choose from) and go with the Pork or Beef instead.BTW- The parking really sucked since its in an industrial park and is shared with many other businesses.
Super comfy place to watch a movie. We come here often because there are many opportunities to get cheap tickets. They often have Groupons for $5 ticket and soda. And any movie after 10pm is only $5.The food is good but pricey. I had the veggie quesadilla and it was very tasty. But $12. My husband had the burger and said it was good too. Drinks are also very expensive. I guess that's the trade off for being able to drink and eat in a theater. We usually eat beforehand and stick to popcorn and drinks but we are sure to tip our servers well since we aren't ordering a lot of food. The staff is nice; the seats are comfy and not sardine packed into the theater. If you go on an opening weekend; get your tickets about an hour early and hit a bar or restaurant nearby...
Awesome food; great service! Best lemonade and Turkish coffee in Phoenix. The dessert is great too!
We went here one day; just the husband and I. It was okay. Maybe I didn't order the best thing on the menu; but the fish tacos were not impressive. We did get a free cup of soup which was pretty cool. I ate mine with the chips. It's close to my house; so it's easy. We might go here again; but I'm not sure.
The three stars is based on how I would rate this restaurant if I'd never been to Sweet Tomatoes before.  Compared to the old Sweet Tomatoes I'd only give it one star.  You see; Sweet Tomatoes used to be a salad and light food buffet with fresh soups; salads; biscuits; muffins; pizza; simple pasta dishes; and different types of deli style prepared salad like macaroni salad; tuna salad; etc.  It was a favorite of vegetarians.  Sometime in late 2012 they closed to remodel and reopened as Field Kitchen (or perhaps Sweet Tomatoes Field Kitchen).  They eliminated almost all the stuff I liked; the deli salads; their signature soup and chili; their rolls and fabulous blueberry muffins; the pizza; etc.  Now it's just a choice of getting a big bowl of salad with the typical salad bar ingredients; a bowl of soup; a yogurt cup; plus a few extras at extra cost; OR going for the hot side which is the kind of dinner you get as a place like Cracker Barrel - Roast Turkey with choice of two sides and some bread choices.  EVERYTHING else on the hot side is extra; Soup is Extra; Drink is extra; desert is extra.  The hot side portions are large but unless you pay extra you basically only get three things to eat - I much preferred the old Sweet Tomatoes where I could take a little of this; a little of that; some salad; some soup; some pizza; some Italian; some muffins.  They have 3 or 4 hot meals to choose from. The night I was there it was Chicken; some other kind of chicken; turkey; brisket (very fatty and kept in hot water - ugh); and something else.  The turkey I had was good.  The smashed potatoes were average.  The Mac and Cheese (I think they called it Irish M&C) was horrible; sort of dry and gummy and over-seasoned.  In looking at their printed menu it appears that they have the same 5 hot entrees every night so that could get tiresome for me since the only one I'd want to order was the turkey.To keep all these things sorted out for payment they give you a card; like a credit card; that they ring up your stuff on for payment later.  I don't like that at all.  I seriously doubt the cards get cleaned and god knows how many people have handled them before you get them.  It took FOREVER to get thru the food line on the hot side and this was on a not very busy dinner hour.  They do one order at a time and they do it slowly.  The salad line could go fast but you aren't allowed to put on your own dressing so you have to wait at the end for someone to dole it out for you.  I suspect this is intentional so they can try and sell you on the salad extras like kabobs. As someone else mentioned; they removed the shades from the lamps so the place is filled with glaring bare lights right at eye level.  The wait staff service was inconsistent.  For a while they checked on us but about half way thru it seemed like they all just clumped together and chatted among themselves.  I finally had to flag someone down to get some take-out containers so we could leave.  They tack on a 7.5% service charge when you pay.  About what I used to leave when it was the old Sweet Tomatoes.It's not likely I'll go back since it's really no different then any other restaurant with salad bar and by the time you finish with extras; like $2.39 for a coke or coffee; it's not much different in price.  You may as well go to a full service restaurant where the food is cooked to order and there is more choice and you don't have to wander around in lines interminably.
Love the food n the service ;) the lady over there is really nice!!! Try the taro mike ()
People stop ordering TexMex type foods here. This is a Mexico City type of restaurant. If your preferred version of Mexican food is enchiladas go elsewhere; better yet; try something new such as the Alambre Tacos or number 15; try the queso suizo appetizer or anything except the pedestrian fair that is at most American Mexican restaurants. This restaurant is much better than it is rated as most of the  poor reviews are for TexMex stuff.
My first visit. I have been seeking authentic or close enough to authentic Vietnamese food in AZ. So....I am STILL looking. Anyways; I enjoyed the Pho Tai here; yet I prefer the broth to be savory prior to me adding the condiments: hoison; Siracha; lime and typical Vietnamese garnishments. I did enjoy the temperature of the Pho it was super HOT like I like it. Portion was very good. Restaurant is clean and friendly. When I initially walked in; only a few tables were occupied with other customers and I wasn't sure if I seat myself or walk up to the register to inquire. No one greeted me; so I walked to the register to inquire and was then seated; from then it took approximately 10 minutes before I was asked if I would like anything.  I'm on the fence with my rating 3.5 to 4. from the service; but for the food it is maybe a 4 after I adjusted to my taste. I will for sure be back again. Although; the service was slow it was friendly. So I can overlook this; but hopefully future visits it is more welcoming. :)
We love Four Peaks!Good beer. Pitchers are very reasonably priced during HH.Yummy food with great vegetarian choices. How nice it is to go watch a game; nosh on upgraded vegetarian bar food; and wash it down with local brew...
I love the FBH. I have been eatting her since i was little. Green/red chili and menudo were all fantastic this time and everytime.
My boyfriend got me a piece from here for our anniversary. I love vintage and unique jewelry. When I opened the box; I was glad I worked on my surprised face.The necklace-clip-on earring set he got me was the biggest piece of JUNK I've ever seen in my life. Here's the funny part; it cost $250! No diamonds; no jewels; JUST PLASTIC! JUNK JUNK JUNK!I will be going into the store to return this piece of junk tomorrow. I hope this crazy lady who believes in ripping people off will give me a refund. Please do yourself a favor and AVOID!
Great tasty Chicago food.  Love the dressing for the fries
I usually love any chipotle but i Had a bad experience with the service here.  When unasked for lettuce first in my burrito bowl the girl gave me a dirty look and said no what sauce do you want. I said again I would like lettuce please. She gave me three tiny pieces of lettuce so I asked again for more lettuce. I'm sorry since when can't I order my own bowl the way I want it.
Do-it-yourself frozen yogurt is overplayed; we all know it.  Thanks a lot; Pinkberry.But Twirl is a different story.What's wrong with most places?  Crappy toppings; ripoff prices; the same bright pink-green-yellow color scheme; the same yogurt flavors (that boring sour and tart vanilla flavor comes to mind).Twirl has good flavors.  It's cheap.  The toppings are great.  The people are nice.  The owners are cool.  It's a relaxing place to sit and hang out.  It is the antithesis of a Pinkberry clone and that's why it's worth it.
Decor: very business-like: dark wood; muted colors; traditional style. Would be good for a lunch meeting. Also seems to be comfortable for an older crowd.Food: Portions were great considering the caloric limit on their dishes. Everything was flavorful and fresh. I honestly expected to leave hungry and disappointed in a bland lunch; and that was not the case.Service: Server was very friendly but completely overbearing. We were given way too much information each time she visited the table. As we were ordering; she commended us on our choices and talked about each element of the dish we wanted even though everything she was saying was printed on the menu. I've served in restaurants like this. That style of waiting tables is not only outdated but incredibly taxing for both the server and the guests. It is completely unnecessary and makes the server look like they are putting on a show as opposed to simply facilitating a pleasant meal.Presentation: The food looked beautiful. I was thrown by my salad though. It was presented on a large plate inside of a clear cylinder. The food runner pulled the cylinder up while distributing the different parts of the salad over my plate. Completely ridiculous and overly showy. Total waste of money (for said cylinder) and definite wast of time. But that is just one example from our whole meal.Overall: For a restaurant that touts seasonal ingredients and meals that won't blow your diet; they are doing well by their food. The decor is not my favorite; but that's just a personal preference. I am; however; put off my the service style. I would return; but it would certainly have to be on a day that I was overly concerned about my food intake and wanting my server to be a huge part of my dining experience.
I LOVE THIS PLACE. If u like steak this place is heaven! Took my girlfriend for dinner here and we both loved it. The waiters were extremely nice; and they even went back and specially brought us back a steak the way we liked it. Place is very authentic no complaints whatsoever love it love it love it. Little expensive but its worth every penny! Im hungry just talking about it
I work downtown and Chloe's is by far my favorite. Every salad is amazing and the food is very fast so it's great when your in a rush! I prefer to make my own salad and enjoy the fresh ingredients. But; when I have ordered from the menu; I have never been disappointed!
Worst service at a Starbucks I have ever experienced.  Keesh was rude and I will never recommend nor go to that Starbucks ever again.  The sad thing is there are way too many Starbucks with friendly good hearted people for me to put up with this particular negative store.  The coffee is the same in every store so why not go to another Starbucks or even The Coffee Bean.  I was so disrespected they received a comment/complaint on the corporate website from me.One chance is all they got.
The first time I went; they were horribly understaffed. No spoons; dirty tables all over the place; took at least 10+ minutes for the order; the experience was a mess. If I hadn't come back; it'd be a one-star easy.Gave it another shot as it was the only place open at the time. Tried the miso ramen this time; but if it wasn't for the miso floating in the soup; I'd think it was normal shoyu broth. They did try to be creative with different veggies; but the baby spinach is not a great idea as it broke down quickly in the hot broth; which was still hot after a while; so a plus there. Maybe I've been spoiled by other ramen shops on the west coast; but I find this place forgettable. Well; the only I won't forget is not wanting to come back.
The salad bar here is always a go to.Their revamped menu is pretty good as well. Love that you have veggies as side options w/ out having to shell out extra $ for them. The burgers here are great too. Everytime Ive been here; Ive had an attentive; polite waitress (which is always nice).  They have a great patio for when the weather permits; sometimes w/ live music. I really have nothing bad to say about this location.
Food was great!  The service not so much.  Took us over 20 minutes to get our food and no one checked on us after to make sure all was well. The area was a little dirty and disorganized. The sandwiches brought the rating up from 2 to 3 stars. Little TLC and easily a 4-5 star restaurant.
This place is full of incompetent barbers.  I recently went to Joe's for a haircut.  The wait was long but stuck it out.  It was finally my turn to go and the staff bumbled the list and called another gentleman's name before me.  It was clearly on top of his but blatantly skipped.  How can I trust a guy with my hair if he can't read a simple list?
This is one of my favorite places! I highly recommend the jalapeno cilantro hummus. I've never had anything like it and I could seriously eat it by the bucketful. The tabouli is great; too; as is the seared ahi that they serve with hummus (an appetizer; I believe). My only complaint is that it gets really busy during the week at lunch. Luckily; they're great at carryout.
If you are someone that cooks at home; you might be less impressed with MMR; but even so; there are a few things on their menu that are standouts.The turkey meal is really quite good and I like that you can choose the sides that are to your liking.  The chicken and dumpling soup is thick and creamy (and even a little addictive).  The first time that I saw it as one of the daily offerings; I asked what the server thought it was sort of funny when she told me that people will call about the daily selections and come in when this one is offered... now I am one of those people. During strawberry season; you cannot leave without having a slice of the strawberry pie. It is piled with fresh berries and covered in a mountain of freshly whipped cream.Portions are large; so if you want pie consider taking a slice (1/4 of a pie) home with you.  The crust isn't the most tender; but the flavor is good and they generally have at least six flavors to choose from. Fruit fillings are made from scratch; so you are best off choosing something that is in season.  Hint: if you are going to buy two slices; it is actually just as cheap to get a whole pie.I really do like this place for some of the more exceptional choices; the fact that they have a relatively extensive menu; and that they deliver.Upping their rating to 4 stars.  :)
Everything was perfect!  There are so many courses and surprises; no one couldn't be pleased.  The food is terrific; and there is something for everyone.   The staff is also terrific; and one can tell these people seem to like what they do.  Make no mistake; this is an expensive restaurant (over 250 per person with tax and tip) but I feel it was sowrth every penny.  Can't wait to go back.
Two words: lobster ice cream.It's seasonal; and having tried it; I'm not sure it was actually a good idea... but a city needs a place where it's possible to order a lobster ice cream sundae with caramel sauce. For those wondering; the ice cream tastes cream-flavored and contains chunks of frozen lobster.Every other flavor I've tried here has been comparatively normal and quite delicious. The sundaes are made with generous amounts of sauce. There are sofas; as well as tables; and there are local magazines and free wifi. There is also an adjoining pizza shop; should calories be no object (and a hospital across the street; should a heart attack ensue).
I had never been to Roaring Fork so I was really excited to find out that my boyfriend was taking me to dinner here. We arrived around 7:30 on a Saturday night; without reservations; and of course; all of the seating in the dining room was busy for about another hour; but there was plenty of space in the bar area so we just opted to sit there. The lighting in Roaring Fork is dim; giving it a warm; comfortable yet sophisticated ambiance. Our bartender/waiter was super friendly; along with the other staff that helped us out along the way; we had great conversations with all of them all night.We started off with the Kettle of Green Chili Pork that comes with super soft and warm tortillas. It also come garnished with a roasted pepper. Now; I thought to myself I wonder if I can eat this and proceeded to ask this question out loud to my incredibly thoughtful and caring boyfriend; who respond yeah; its just a green pepper. Well; guess what; it's not a green pepper; but rather a roasted serrano pepper so I can't really tell you if this appetizer was delicious because my mouth was on fire (I'm also kind of a wuss when it comes to pepper heat). I'm assuming it was because of all the other Yelp reviews and also the fact that the boyfriend finished off the app just fine without me despite laughing hysterically the entire time - dick. By the time my entree arrived; I started to get feeling back in my mouth and was able to enjoy the Spit Roasted Half Chicken which came with veggies and corn bread Stuffing. Oh my goodness; the chicken was yummy; but that corn bread stuffing was amazeballs that I wish I could order that up as a side dish! So good! The boyfriend ordered the Braised Beef Short Ribs that came with mashed potatoes. He enjoyed his; but was impressed with the corn bread stuffing as well. For desert we opted for their gelato which is made by Talenti. We got the Sea Salt Caramel and Banana gelato which were both so delicious. The Caramel one came with mini chocolate covered sea salt caramel truffles and the Banana came with caramel ribbon swirl and pieces of chocolate. We were both happy we decided to stay here for dessert and would definitely get both gelato options again!Amazing food; great service; will be back for dinner and would love to try their happy hour!
THE place to go for Jazz!!!!  LOVE it here!  We've been four different times and it's been fabulous.  I believe they also rent out for private events.  Great space downtown!!
Never stayed; but indulged with friends on their rooftop for cocktails and snacks. Great service; excellent mixed drinks; and a lovely view of the pool. A New York way to relax with an AZ sunset.
It's Sunday; right?Do I have your attention?  It's Sunday; and Barry's Capezio is closed; right?  You need dance supplies for yours or your daughter's dancing class tomorrow and the dance store that you always go to is closed.   You're looking for an alternative and you found this place.  Please don't be tempted.When we went; service seemed friendly; but the consequences for our choice came later.  Our daughter was about ready to begin classes for pointe; and we described to them our situation.  We; on their advice; walked out with demi-pointe shoes--this was the WRONG ADVICE!  No fitting (other than to try them on); no advice as to care; just hand us the shoes and ring us up.  Nothing else.  To see the pain on my daughter's face after that first class was agonizing; as were the huge blisters all over her feet.Wait.  Please wait until Monday.
Cowboy chow is great!!! Been here a dozen times at least and always pleased with food and service.  Order the scallops on risotto and as an entree you can't go wrong with the puerco lento; fall of the bone pork served on well seasoned potatoes
This self order; beverage self serve; pre-pay and ask for a tip before you receive service or food does not work.  The menu on a blackboard in white letters is hard to read; just opened and no wine or beer service due to license snags and then serving wet cold meatballs with the spaghetti was very flawed.  The focascia was hard and dry. The cheese shaker was damp and clogged.   Very disappointed in the quality of the food.  One meal; lasgna  was served with crusty burnt noodles and it was not layered with sauce; but noodles stacked together with sauce on top and bottom. It was evident that it had been microwaved to reheat.   Now to be fair; i just returned from Emilia Romagna; home of bolenese and good pasta.    But the owners need to be present and qc everything that comes out of the kitchen.  Those cold mushy-wet-  meatballs really cinched it for us.The wait staff were very nice.
When I need clothes or am shopping for gifts; I'll come here before I go to Sears or JC Penney. I like this place. People are friendly and they have nice stuff that's affordable.
The usually good food was disappointing. Two Specials (Entrees) bombed.Trio Ravioli was over laden with dough.  and the Linguini with clam sauce was tasteless.Stick with sandwiches and pizza.
Costco is a magical place. You can prepare for armagedan; buy a hotdog; or get a case of red vines; all in one place. Some sad uninformed people think Costco and Sam's Club are the same; but for the initiated; we know that is like saying Disneyland; and the State Fair are the same. Yikes.You really cannot go wrong with Costco. I love buying everything here; because their customer service is so strong. If something goes wrong with a product; you simply return it. Done. Have you tried that at BestBuy? Holy shit; it's easier to escape Alcatraz then deal with those blue shirted nimrods.Costco also has some cool online exclusives; where you can buy patio furnature; food; you name it. Check it out; and enjoy.
Tried some ribs - and I agree with the other reviewers:  outstanding!
I think it is time for a little freshening up at this location. I love Harkins and their deals for drinks and popcorn. However; after visiting a newer location; I realized just how bad the speakers are at this location. Harkings is still my favorite go to theater. This theater is always clean; has plenty of staff; and everyone is friendly. Just time to upgrade the sound!
We have a new favorite.I think I had been here once before long ago and had a really good buffalo chicken sandwich or something like that.We went there for lunch on Saturday; right at 11 am I think. I ordered a chicken sandwich; oops; I don't remember the name; but it had chipotle mayo; and it was awesome. The chicken was soooo juicy; and it had avocado and like french fried onions on top... OK; I checked the menu online; it is the Baja Chicken Sandwich.The hubby ordered a sirloin steak with some sort of pepper & jalapeño butter; and what he said is that it was the best steak he has had in a long time. I tried it and it was very good. It was refreshing that the steak was cooked exactly as we ordered. Lately we have had to send them back at other restaurants. And; what can I say? even the cauliflower was the best ever. No kidding; I would go back for the cauliflower alone : )Daughter ordered chicken macaroni and she loved it; it is a favorite of hers.Service was very good; our server was very attentive; food was ready fairly fast.I would only comment that we were the only ones in that area at that time and they sat a family with a small child right next to us. A loud child may I say : )
This is the coolest hotel I've stayed at in a long time.  My wife and I took a getaway for a couple of days after Christmas and loved every minute of it. The bed is The Most Comfortable Bed I Have Ever Slept In.  If you ask; they will give you the code to the bed and you can call and order your own.  The pillows; which are amazing; are sold in the Spa boutique; as are the duvets and duvet covers.Everything is really clean and modern feeling; with cool retro decor everywhere.  This is not a La Quinta with funky chairs - this is a mid-century modern hotel through and through.  Staff are very friendly and helpful.  Happy hour at ZuZu's was great - delicious appetizers and good drinks.  When one app took a while the server took the charge off our bill without even asking us; which was nice of her.  Negatives (minor): The shower head is the rainfall-type so it is hard to get shampoo out of your hair.  It feels nice; but I like some water pressure.  Also; when you first pull up to the front door the super friendly valet will take your car and park it underground; but beware; the parking is $14 a night and there is a free; good-sized parking lot on the side of the hotel.  The valet won't tell you there are free options and we only found the free lot after exploring a bit.  It is on right side of the driveway as you approach the hotel.  There were lots of empty spaces when we were there.  I moved the car and told the front desk and they didn't charge us anything.  Overall; an excellent hotel.
*A desert landscape at midnight. A few men gather around a campfire seeking its warmth and the rare company of a passing stranger. One man; equally ravaged by the sands of time and the desolate landscape began to speak with just the smallest glimmer of contentment in his voice.*I had heard for years the ever-so-tantalizing cry of melt-in-your-mouth brisket sung to me by oh so many men who had come before....men far more accomplished than I. I remember them telling me as a young boy; Son; some day you will find your brisket. I stared up at them with a gleam in my eyes. An innocent and naive sense of hopefulness filled me to the brink and then poured over the edges of my soul as I thought to myself; Yes! I will find my brisket.Many years have come and gone since that time. The months like an ever strengthening gale storm pushing me further and further from my deepest; darkest desire: to find my lost brisket. Lo; the days were long; the minutes past like decades. Soon my cynicism began to take the best of me. A crusade of the mind against the heart ensued as brisket after brisket entered my gullet and filled my disposition with neglect. Some were flavorful; sure. But none would fulfill the promise my elders had made to me as a young boy.None; that was; until I found the Texas BBQ House of south central Phoenix. I knew the moment I walked through their doors that I was in for something special; but just what; I could not have told you. I watched a man behind the counter wield his blade flawlessly as a woman kindly prepared a basket with bread and cheesy macaroni. She had potato salad and and sausage and all sorts of other wondrous items. And then the brisket was placed before me. I could see the tenderness of the meat as its juices glistened in the daylight. I saw burnt ends that I could swear were calling for me by name. I thought; Could it be? Have all my dreams come true?! My heart went aflutter with the still unfulfilled promise of my forefathers.Finally; the moment had arrived. I prepared a slice of bread with a few slivers of meat; and a helping of barbeque sauce. I slowly bit down as my eyes closed; hoping and preying that the day had finally come. It was like I had died and gone to heaven. I saw Jim Morrison. I went towards the light. Only...when I walked through it; there I was. Sitting at my table; across from my father; with some brisket in a slice of bread that now had a single bite taken from it. I was happy. Down to my core; I was filled with contentment. And I realized at that moment; that I hadn't been searching for that melt-in-your-mouth brisket all along...I had been searching for myself. And now; I had found it. I had found...me.*hold for applause*This is the Q I have been waiting for!!!! Awesome brisket; both the lean and juicy are fantastic. The sausage was the next big winner; followed by the potato salad and then the mac; but actually everything was fantastic. The hot bbq sauce has quite a kick to it; but its a whole-mouth warmth kind of thing so its quite pleasant. Without a doubt the best bbq I've had to date; and I will be back.
Being German and living in the US; the things you find yourself missing most are really good Pretzels and Beer.The Pretzels here are amazing!!And finally a place to get real bread; no that toast bread sh*t you get anywhere else.The only downside is; all the candy and other stuff they offer is way overpriced!
if you miss the fry bread at the az state fair; this is as good if not better
I receive 90% of my food from Boxed Greens every week. Everything is top quality and delivered cold and fresh. Boxed Greens has eliminated the need for grocery stores in my life.  Nobody can beat the selection; quality; or friendliness of the staff.
i don't live in or near glendale so i have no idea what there is to eat near where we were shopping/staying for the day. after some google and yelp searches for places that had menu items we could eat; we settled on BJ's. i've been to a BJ's before in southern california. it is good. a well-rounded menu and pleasant staff. they kept the water glasses full. we shared the lettuce wraps. the shrimp was well seasoned and cooked well. we also split the hawaiin mahi mahi. the fish was a little overcooked; but it still tasted pretty good. prices are comparable to any big bar/food chain. i would eat here again.
Having purchased a Groupon; I went to yoga classes at Hot Yoga Ahwatukee for about a month.  The classes were great and incorporated variety from class-to-class (unlike Bikram yoga classes).  I liked the music they played during class; and all of the instructors I had were excellent.  The whole facility itself is gorgeous; from the front waiting area; locker room; and studio itself.  I loved this place.So; why don't I continue classes here?  It boils down to location (and to some extent; class times).  Working in Chandler and living in midtown Phoenix; it was difficult to make it to the studio.  Most of the time I fit in one of their classes on my way home from work; but the after-work class times still weren't ideal for this.  The weekday class times I typically attended were MWF 4:30pm; M-Th 6:30pm; or T/Th 5:00pm.  I found it was hard to be able to leave work early enough for the 4:30/5:00 classes; but the 6:30pm classes meant I'd have to stick around in Chandler for that long.  (Borrrinnnggg.)  If I still lived in Ahwatukee (as I did 5 years ago); I would still be going here; but given where I live and work now; it's just not practical.Maybe they'll open a second location in Midtown/Downtown Phoenix?  (Even though their name includes the word Ahwatukee?)   I can dream ...
I don't know why this place has such high reviews?I never feel welcomed when I come here. Which is sad being a new age store; I expect good energy. Yet the people who work here are snobbish and rude. When I inquired about reiki classes they just brushed me off and didn't provide any information for me at all...I only come back for their candles.So disappointing; I wish they were nicer because then I'd spend more money here. Oh well...
This place is withing walking distance but drove over to make sure it was worth the walk. I love the new clean look. Lots of different beers. Nice pub menu. Will definitely try a happy hour walk:)
I ate at this place consistently years ago and always found the kung pao chicken to be pretty good. This past weekend I ordered some orange chicken; General Tso's chicken; House Lo Mein and crab puffs. The crab puffs were standard and good; but the rest of the meal was kind of disappointing. The orange chicken was simply chicken in a sauce which I could tell was citrusy; but was mostly just sweet. It came with zero vegetables. The General Tso's chicken was the same breaded chicken as the orange chicken with some scallions for decoration; but otherwise very little vegetables again. The Lo Mein had more veggies and other types of meat; but the bulk of the vegetables were string beans-almost as many as the noodles. For $25 bucks; I just don't think it's a meal I'm willing to repeat again. Panda Express might have been better. For anyone wondering; this is really a take-out place. They have one table in the very small establishment where I usually see their drivers sitting between orders. I don't think people actually eat there. Maybe a perky comment on my part; but the ladies that work there have adorable accents; sound really sweet and look totally huggable (I didn't actually try to hug them).
Great food; great staff.Steaks are priced in the mid $30 range
This is a great post Office. They offer everything here that you need from a Post Office.They are always fully stocked with your items for mailing ; the staff is friendly and the place is clean.They do Passports here as well. If you still do not have one this is the place to go.I used to drive by here many times on my way home from work; but now that I have moved it is in the opposite direction.No worries there; it is so close to my work it is great!They are always open when I need them and things seem to get to their destination much faster when you mail them from here.Of course they also offer PO boxes.The lines moved fast even during the holiday rush!
We were on the Yelp Holiday Scavenger Hunt and stopped in here to have a drink. It's a cute little place; has a few outdoor tables; and good selection of liquor. The bartender seemed bothered that we stopped in to ask if they were participating in the scavenger hunt; and when we sat down to actually give her some business; she seemed more interested in the guys in the band setting up their equipment. We ordered a couple drinks; that were ok; but the diet soda was on the flat side. When she brought back my debit card & receipt for me to sign; she never even looked at me or thanked me; she actually set MY card on the corner of the bar where she was talking to the guys in the band and walked away. I cocktailed and worked with female bartenders for over 6 yrs. You would be wise to treat your lady customers just as well as your male. We understand the business and tip well to those who deserve it.
This was one of the many stops on the UYE Ugly Sweater party.  This was the only stop I made that night; I know I'm totally lame.  I have to say; this was the perfect atmosphere for the event.  The tacky decor complemented our fine yelepers fabulously horrid christmas sweaters beautifully.  The drinks were inexpensive and we got what we ordered; which is all I really ask for.
(Inside) ambiance was very nice for a large restaurant.  I had the blue cheese crusted; bacon wrapped filet mignon.  Ordered it medium and it was cooked perfectly.  Very; very tasty steak.  Also had the twice baked potato and that was very well done as well.  It was all what I expected for the price that your paying.  Very good meat.
The guy was very nice and sociable but the place was dirty- spider webs everywhere!!!  No towels to wipes your hands on in the bathroom- but the older guy went in and came right now- obviously without washing his hands :( The massage was more like a gentle stroke .  They didn't offer to do a callus removal either which was a bummer :( Probably won't be coming back here unless I need to get in and out quick; since there wasn't any wait at all.
Egg drop soup & spring rolls are excellent. I always have fresh warm sweet & sour with spring rolls.
Don't get me wrong; the food is good. I had the sausage omelet and was practically licking my plate afterwards; but I was put off by the service. It was lackluster at best.I would probably come back; but wouldn't make a special stop.
I have been plagued with life long allergies and as wonderful as aging is; the allergies seem to be worsening.  My best friend recommended this practice and specifically Dr. Erdos to me.  Prior to going there; I had seen my primary doctor; an ENT and another allergist who put me through allergen testing in case I wanted to start allergy shots even though I told her on the first appointment that I didn't want allergy shots.  Dr. Erdos is kind; thorough; friendly and listens.  He seems to be very current which I appreciate.  My first experience was at the Mesa office.  Everyone was extremely nice but it was terribly slow.  I was there for 2 hours just for an evaluation.  My second experience was at the Scottsdale office and that was much more efficient.  Prior to leaving; you get a print-out of the recommendations; prescriptions; and directions discussed during the appointment.  THIS IS FANTASTIC.  If you're sick and experiencing meth-like shakes from too much sudafed; it is so helpful to be able to review these notes later.  Thank you Dr. Erdos and Arizona Asthma and Allergy Institute!
Food is wildly mediocre bordering terrible. Ordered the casa roll & not sure if its an off night but it was terrible. Texture; flavor & all around consistency was terrible. Tried to send it back & order something else & the older Asian man said this is what you ordered; the ing. are on the menu. Would not take it back. Terrible Customer Service!!!! Nothing was that great!I will NEVER EVER return!!!
Greek salad is awesome here
In Phoenix visiting friends and catching the Springsteen show. We live in Austin and it's hard to find Mexican food there that isn't tex-mex influenced. Wanted to get some birria; so hard to find in most places and almost impossible in Texas. Did a good search; found this place. just took everyone and wow; this place is awesome.   I would absolutely go back if i lived out here; and would love to have this place in Austin.  We had the birria and the molcajete; just awesome. If you like authentic mexican food and are fine with kind of a hole in the way type of atmosphere; this is your place. Try it; you'll love it.
Summary: warm greeting; excellent service; adequate wine list; good food. Nice night; we'll be back.Agree with recent Yelper - Sean does a great job. Good balance of casual; friendly and professional service. Restaurant has a clean; very contemporary although slightly stark design. It's slightly loud in the dining room; owing to the design I think as there weren't many people there yet. Started with cactus quesadillas - very tasty. Served with a cactus crème fraîche; interesting but a bit sweet.She had the NY strip. Was cooked perfectly to order and we both agreed was very flavorful; although we've had slightly more tender renditions (to be fair; our go-to steak is a ribeye).I had the duck; also cooked exactly to order. Duck came with leek crepes as the starch; interesting. The duck was very good; could have been killer with a more substantial sauce. Had the Ahnala Pie for dessert; thick chocolate crumb crust; topped with a layer of chocolate then coffee gelato; drizzled with caramel; very nicely presented. Some of these types of desserts can be intolerable sugar bombs; this one; although sweet; was worth the calories. All about $120 incl tip and $30 of wine. I was satisfied with the value. Happy to have eaten here. We've put Ahnala on our list of only 2-3 nice restaurants in Fountain Hills (a very tough market since 1/3 of the locals pack up and leave for half the year; and it's too far for most to drive from the valley).
The food was heavy; americanized Mexican food.  Authentic mexican food is so fresh and this was far from fresh.  The prices were very high for such low quality.  Al pastor was soggy and unrecognizable and quesadillas were fried masa.
Been eating at Royal Thai ever it opened maybe 12 years ago.  LOVE it.  The owners are wonderful and the food is FANTASTIC!     They always ask you how spicy you want it.  The menu choices include your choice of meat.  If you don't want any meat you can choose that also.  Just about everything is made to order.  You can order from the menu are order one of the lunch or dinner specials.  The owners always greet us warmly and are very friendly and helpful.
True BBQ is BBQ that doesn't need sauce to make it taste good.  This place does an excellent job at doing just that.  The meat comes in its purest form - straight off the bbq or smoker.  You put your own sauce on.  We had the pulled pork; chicken; ribs; and brisket.  We all agreed - it was yummy. The pork was my favorite but since I don't eat brisket; I was down to 3 choices.  The chicken was good - not as good as I've had but it was juicy so can't beat that.  The ribs were really good - tender with the perfect bbq grill taste.  For sides we had; the cornbread and mac salad.  Nothing out of the ordinary but I'd get both again.  Next time I'm trying the sausage and mac n cheese.  It comes with rolls but that's just fillers.One tip; this place is SOOOO Hard to find esp; at night.  We all missed it (3 dif. cars) and kept thinking we had the wrong address.    It is in a business park area across the street from the airport.  Look for the Honeywell building's red sign across and turn into the driveway.
Left me a bit blah. Really like the atmosphere.  Served was really great. Ive never had a really good meat. This time the Salmon was a bit overcooked. For food; there are better options.
Thank you to Federico's on Happy Valley and 39th avenue for hosting a Desert Sage PTO fundraising night!  They donated 10% of their total sales ($226) to our school.
Meh..The pizza is barely decent and all 3 times I have been here; part of the crust was burnt to the point were it could not be eaten. Twice with family (they picked the restaurant; once with my fiancee).The first 2 times with family. The service was decent; until the owner of the place; not only ran out of the wine that my fiancee asked for (Resiling); but in a sad attempt to cover it up; tried to redirect her choice of wines by saying that the Reisling they serve would be much different from what she was used to; as if the owner knew anything about my fiancees experience in wine. After my fiancee declined the few wines the owner kept trying to push; the owner finally admitted that she was out of Reisling. All this over an insulting 3 minute period?On to the pizza.Burnt Crust and uninspired changes to a centuries old tradition.We visited this place after coming back from our 3rd trip to Italy (sicily; Rome & Naploli) and wow. Why reinvent the wheel?Italy has a ton of pizzas; all with individual names. None of the regular Italian named pizzas match up with what they serve at Grazie. They changed everything.An Americana pizza for example has french fries on it. (Strange to us; but normal in Italy. Just an example though) Everywhere in Italy; no matter where you go; if you order an Americana; you will get fries on your pizza. Not so at Grazie.Oh; they have an Americana; but rather than fries; it is completely unrelated to the Italian standard. They made up their own pizzas and named them after typical pizzas found throughout Italy. Nothing matches up.I ordered the cinque formaggi (in Italy it is the quattro formaggi)Terrible. The entire bottom was burnt; and the cheese was covered in a thin layer of grease. A hint that they use cheap cheese.Insults; burnt crust and a flare for unoriginal pizzas with the wrong names?No thank you.. I honestly would prefer Papa Johns pizza over this atrocity.
The first time I went to Royal was a couple of months ago.  It is a cute little coffee shop in the Biltmore; between Ralph Lauren and Capital Grill.  The decor is awesome and they have a couple of tables inside and outside.    Funny thing is that my husband introduced me to Royal and he does not even drink coffee.  I'm glad he did; because the coffee here is awesome.  The cool thing is that they do not charge extra for soy milk.  Most of the other coffee shops in Phoenix do.  I always drink my coffee with soy in it.  :)If you are in mid-town area; you should head over to Royal at the Biltmore.
Still phenomenal; and if you get to the truck at around 11:40am on Fridays the line is not too bad. The Igby is by far the best dog they have available.
I always love coming here. They have a fantastic cocktail list; skilled and friendly bartenders; and a cozy atmosphere. I also usually like the music (it varies but I often here Yeah Yeah Yeahs; Spoon; Wilco; etc.). When it gets very crowded (late on a Friday/Saturday); there isn't much standing room; so I prefer coming other days of the week. One of my favorite bars in town!
Oh my word; if I could MARRY a restaurant; this Deli and I would be well on our way to Vegas.Food is fresh; Johnny is always friendly on the phone; Roxy is always smiling when she delivers. I'm so happy with them!
Their Chicken Pho was Delicious and I love their vegetable spring rolls. Service was great; portions were huge. Place is very clean we will definitely be back.
A group of us went here for a friends 30th birthday.  What a great choice ! The waiter that we had was very knowledgeable; fun and super friendly ! Gary I believe it was. :)  None of us had been there before so we were more than impressed with the atmosphere.  Very quaint and classy.  We all ordered a variety of appetizers and we not disappointing!  Fondue; hummus and olive plate.  All were very delicious and plenty for 7 to share.  As far as dinner goes I can only speak for my boyfriend and myself as we took a bite of one anothers entree (Scallops and Meatloaf).  The scallops and grits were PHENOM!!  I am from the south so I was a bit weary about trying grits in Scottsdale; but they did not let me down :)  Meatloaf I didn't have much to compare to but it was pretty good and my boyfriend loved it. If you're looking for a fun evening out with good food and drinks this is a place you don't want to pass up.  It's not somewhere I would find myself on a weekly basis; but I will be back!
I love this place!!! Its 5am and Im up and ready to head there in about an hour. The food is home cooking at its finest. I love the service and the country fried chicken.
First; let me start by saying the five star rating is relative. This is the best place I have found in the valley to get my Vietnamese food fix. I'm not talking the usual pho or spring rolls; I'm talking some real; hard to find; authentic Vietnamese dishes that pho restaurants don't make/serve. Compared to some of the best places I've been for Vietnamese food (including Vietnam); it wouldn't be 5 stars; but for the valley? Definitely. They have a fairly wide selection of dishes and everything that I have tried has been well made and tastes great. My boyfriend and I usually order #65 (steamed catfish in a hot clay pot); #72 (flash fried calamari); and my favorite #88 (sweet and sour catfish soup). I love that we can get full; but it's still a light full; not heavy and greasy. Nothing like some fresh Vietnamese food to get you feeling right!
If you want a completely authentic home-made style Mexican meal in Tempe; this is the place to go. Everything I have tried here is delicious; and it's all WAAAY better than you'll get at any Mexican chain restaurant. Again; we're talking authentic Mexican food; not the commercialized crap that you get at the chains. I think the few bad reviews on here must be from people who don't know what real Mexican food should taste like. I have tried several of their burritos (the new Pollo Adobado burrito is my favorite); the chimichanga; enchiladas; rolled tacos; enchiladas; and I'm sure a few other things that I'm forgetting; and everything has been excellent. And their fresh homemade chips are very good too; and they have a variety of freshly made salsas at their salsa bar. The only thing I've had that I didn't like was the shrimp tacos; the shrimp didn't taste fresh and they were just weird overall. My favorite thing on the menu? It's a tie. My go-to meal when I'm starving is easily the #23 combo - 3 mini tacos with your choice of meat (pollo asado; ground beef; carne asada or carnitas); all loaded with fresh guacamole & pico de gallo; along with a side of refried beans; rice; and a soda - ALL FOR JUST $5! It's so much food I almost never finish it all. And my other favorite thing is the Pollo Adobado burrito - it is HUUUUGE and loaded with flavor; it's unbelievable. And when I'm just in the mood for a big mess of junk food I'll get the loaded fries (basically a nachos supreme type dish but with french fries instead of nachos....mmmmm....). Check it out; you won't be disappointed. And FYI you will probably need to wait about 10-15 minutes for your food since everything is made fresh; but it is well worth the wait. In fact; I think I'm going to head over there right now. :)
My co-worker walked in from lunch the other day with their horchata and I liked the bit I had so much I demanded to know where it was from. It took a bit for me to get used to the sheer number of salsas they had available; but once I got comfortable trying things (I was afraid I might burn my tongue off accidentally) I was hooked! I'd recommend the peanut salsa to anyone. It was some seriously good sauce.
If you prefer to spend your hard earned money at a place that respects one with a medical condition this.is not the restaurant for you.  The.night manager is an angry woman who will not hesitate to yell at you and to embarrass you by making a scene in her own restaurant.   Why anyone would frequent a place like this is beyond me since mgmt is a reflection of who and what the owners value.  All are not welcome here.
Perfect meal in a perfect setting.
About 90% of the time I come to this Walmart I leave angry.  And I'm not talking like Oh that was kind of annoying but things happen angry but more along the lines of I literally hate this place and would never come here if I didn't have to.  It seems like no matter what day of the week or time of day I come here there are RIDICULOUS lines and too few registers open.  It's to the point where you have to walk up the aisles just to get past the columns of people stacked up in line because they go that far back.  And the lines don't move quickly either.  I don't know how they find that many people who can move as slowly as the checkers here do.  It seriously escapes me.And on top of all that; the parking situation is essentially Minesweeper with shopping carts.  You'll start to pull into a space and there will be a cluster of shopping carts so you're left with the decision....Do I try to navigate around the carts to try to get the space or try and find another spot even farther away?  Neither are very desirable options.  Seriously how hard is it to hire someone to gather the carts?  I wouldn't think there would be a great amount of training required for that position.....The only reason I'm giving this location two stars instead of one is because they are open 24 hours (which is pretty much the only reason I come here; when one of my regular grocery stores is closed) and because they have this one really nice elderly gentleman checker who was actually friendly for a change (imagine that; a Walmart checker with a personality!) and he put my bags in my cart for me without even asking.  I wish I remembered his name but I've only seen him the one time.  It's a shame they don't have more employees like him.
Only been here once but I will not be back so here is my review. While the service staff seemed very nice the place smelled like stale beer. Kind of a dump really.
It is a non for profit place. Decent coffee/latte selections. I only ordered tea. There is live music most nights; but it is such a small space... kind of uncomfortable. I'd rather go to starbucks(and I hate starbucks).
This place has such a nice selection of salami that I would go back just for that!  My husband enjoys the great prices on the variety of Eastern European beers they have.   Be sure to check out the various dumplings they have in the frozen section; we really enjoy these and they taste very fresh.
Hands down; BEST Yelp event to date!! I have never felt more spoiled as I did last night! Thank you Lindsey F. for hosting such an amazing event. And thank you Tanzy for going above and beyond!Every single thing they brought out was even more tasty than the last. My favorites from the night: scallops; tempura brussels sprouts;  house made mozzarella; prime rib; filet; red velvet bread pudding and the flourless chocolate cake. I could go on and on but those really stood out!Not only was the food spectacular; the staff at Tanzy were the the most personable and friendly staff I've seen in a long time! Michael; Larry and Isaiah were among the top that we had the privilege of mingling with throughout the evening and I can't say enough about them! Thank you guys!The evening to this point was perfect! And yet; they still topped it off with two free tickets to an iPic movie!Thanks again to Lindsey F. and Tanzy for an awesome evening!!
All I can say is WOW!!! My Mom and I started going here about a month ago. We are treated like queens!! I agree with Valorie...this is hands down the BEST nail salon EVER!!! They remember us every time we come in whether it's for a fill or a luxurious pedicure! The employees are so very caring and the environment is so relaxing!!Mom and I are looking forward to our next visit! Michelle and Hai are the most courteous people I have ever met!You will not regret making this your spa!!
Went here for a quick take out dinner of soup and sandwich.  Looks just like Panera Bread; same menu and it is owned by the same company.  My expectations are that I will get what I order for the same quality as Panera Bread.  No.  Great veggie soup as Panera but the sandwiches are not as good.  I ordered a tuna salad sandwich and it looked like it had better days as the bread fell apart when you picked it up.  The cookies are suppose to be the best in the area; however; I don't eat cookies.  I'm going to stick with Panera Breat strictly and give Paradise three stars believing that once they totally transition over; it will improve.
Huge screens with friendly staff and clean bathrooms - can't ask for much more at the movies.  Even better; its a local joint; with good deals for those who live in the area.  Friend of mine has a T-shirt which entitles the bearer to free popcorn.  There's also a refillable cup you can use for the year; and onsite (reservation) daycare!
Unlike others; I don't take off a star for service unless it affects the quality of my food. People in the food industry are always in bad moods and I give them wiggle room.Did anyone else know these guys deliver? Delivery charge is $1 if your order is under $15 bucks and free over that. They have a 5 mile delivery radius. Ordered two times here now - Pastrami delivered; NY Steak in store. Both were very good. The Pastrami gave me no surprises. The steak was not strips of steak but rather thinly shaved steak if you're wondering. The Pastrami took 25 minutes from call to doorstep delivery. It was still hot. Good quality subs; prices seem fair. Their bread tastes a little more artisan than Subway.
You walk into this joint and its old school like paisa style tiendita; piled hight with nicknacks to the ceiling. Horder style hard core. Love it! There is something for everyone. Of course the Buddha want's the biggest chocolate milk he can find the the coolers and a bag of chocolate coins... Seasonal. Oh and just in case you are wondering this spotty is Frenchie... its La Grande Orange not La Naranja Grande okay! Breakfast here is pretty damn delish! I love eggs cooked properly and served with a hearty side of meat. LGO brought it! The english muffin that came with was so soft and delicious! Probably the best english muffin I've ever had. Note to self: grab a bag to bring home next time I'm here...French pancakes; wow; just yum. Soft and sweet and covered in fresh strawberries. I was an instant fan. There are a ton of treats and sweets on the menu I am killin to try. There's one sandwich i want to grub on too. Everyone raves. They whip up a mean latte too...  Said this in my other review also; but.... If you do not like crowds or tight spots this is not the place for you. You order your food on the grocery side and there are always a ton of people in this itty bitty space. The menus are near the register when they should be near the doors. But there is usually a kind staff member to ask if you need one. Definitely a fan of LGO Grocery.
The place was ok I guess but the staff was super rude. We were running late and ran down to breakfast as we were checking out. This guy came and yelled at us saying breakfast ended at 9....it was 9:05.... And all we wanted was cereal. Did I mention the room was still packed with people eating?
I really enjoyed my stay at this hotel. It was clean; beautiful and classy. I loved the modern and fresh look and the staff was helpful as well as friendly. Now; you may be thinking....Ali; if you liked it so much why only 4 stars? Well that my friends is because of this weird hold they do on your card when you check in. I'm used to giving my card to hotels; and I figured this would be no exception however upon check in they place a hold on your card the value of the room...even if the room is paid for. I've seen small charges on the card...or hotels just keeping the number on file but at 70 dollar hold after already paying for the room is a bit ridiculous. Also; paying the 30-something 'resort tax on top of the room cost was a bit much esp. since we spent 2 different nights here in the same week. Ouch. I have to agree with previous reviewers about the free late night snacks it is a bit detouring to need to head down to the front desk; we thought there would be a minibar/snack thing in the room. It was quiet when we stayed there on a monday and then on a sunday night. We will probably stay again; but will definitely plan for the hold charge.
Mellow Mushroom has a perfectly casual; college-centered atmosphere. It's on Mill Avenue so it can get very busy with intoxicated college students. It's not a place for those who prefer quiet fine dining; that's for sure; but it's open late and is perfect for a midnight pizza binge (my specialty!).But as for the food; it's pretty damn good. I especially enjoyed their Maui Wowie pizza- it certainly did the job in wowing me and my boyfriend! I'm usually not a Hawaii-style pizza fan but this pizza was superb. The Philosopher's Pie is also a safe choice; but is not nearly as good. Their appetizers didn't impress me as much; it was pretty standard food for a pizza place.Despite their mostly standard; typical taste as far as food as concerned; this is definitely the restaurant to come to for a friendly; laid-back experience that'll satisfy any pizza craving. The menu has plenty of gems; just ask a few of the regulars. The staff is cool; the place is cool; and the pizza is piping hot. Mmm.Seriously. Just take a bite of the Maui Wowie and you'll become as obsessed as I am.
I've been going to Kona basically since they opened; mainly at the Scottsdale location but now we live in Chandler.Their Macadamia Nut Chicken is amazing!!! Absolutely amazing! Probably my favorite dish ever. We also love their sushi. They have many rolls to choose from and the traditional rolls are priced well. I do think the specialty rolls are a bit pricey but they taste so wonderful I'm willing to deal with it.We went to this location last week and everyone was very willing to make sure there was no cross contamination since my hubbs is allergic to shellfish. The head chef came out and talked to us. He was very accommodating and explained that the rolls are made in the morning; so there could be cross contamination but he was happy to break down a section to prepare our rolls on fresh surfaces with freshly cleaned utensils. My hubby had a very small reaction but nothing the Benadryl couldn't correct. (I have since emailed Kona asking them to prepare their shellfish rolls and non shellfish rolls separately.) Even with a slightly puffy lip my hubby and I enjoyed it so much!The main reason for the 4 stars instead of 5 is because of the prices but we'll keep going back!
If I could give zero stars I would.  They just don't care about customer service and are super apathetic.
Fabulous restaurant. Went with my girlfriends for Sunday brunch and it was fantastic from the moment we walked in. Our waitress was incredibly friendly (and even commented on how pretty I was - MAJOR tip for her obviously). The atmosphere was relaxed with a dim setting and apparently very popular for Sunday brunch (it even has its own menu). If you get to stop by; order the chicken tortilla soup or the egg benedict. DELICIOUS!
I really enjoy going to this studio. I feel very comfortable here. There is a nice; clean; and friendly environment. Recently; I have been trying to get back into going to class. I; personally; do not like being singled out during class numerous times because the instructor saw me write my name down on the sign in sheet. Also; why tell us we can drink water whenever we need to when you're just going to tell us not to when we try to take a quick sip? Other than that; I really do enjoy practicing Bikram here; but sometimes I feel the instructors can be a little overbearing.
Great meal.  Server was nice but made us feel rushed..The Skirt Steak the best! Don get your staff some help would make the experience more enjoyable.
They are lucky they are getting 3-stars after my Xmas eve visit yesterday.  Thus had a been a fave spot of mine for couple of months since a friend introduced me to it. Killer items: Foie gras w/fig jam ($16) enough to share with 3 people. The wood-fired lamb chops ($9) and some other notable items. Anyway the service was not up to par last evening and the GM never acknowledged my company event though we were one of two parties in the whole place.  Being it's Xmas eve don't you think a simple hello thanks for joining us is the proper thing to do? I am very disgusted with the bartender/server that was on duty as well. Completely unprofessional and we felt that no one wanted to be there. hey if your advertising half off your menu until 6 P.M. you might want to make one of your only guests feel welcome. I can tell you that I am not sure I will be visiting in the near future due to the lack of welcoming and professionalism here.
I REALLY like this place. I've been twice for dinner and both times had a fantastic time. I've only ordered 2 different types of salad; but both were just amazing. All the items on their menu are totally unique and each one sounds more delicious than the next. Portion sizes are just right and the staff is very friendly and fast. I love the ambiance too. Of course I'm gonna say it; the music was right up my alley. Nice and chill; catchy. I dance a little whilst ingesting my meal. That is most excellent. I will keep going back and ordering new menu items until it is 5 motha fuckin' stars.
In order to celebrate the holidays (and enjoy some well-deserved drinks!); myself and the rest of the fourth grade teachers on our team visited Claim Jumper.  At first I was reluctant; worried about the prices (as mentioned above; I'm a teacher; so...); however; I was pleasantly surprised at how reasonably everything was priced!  I enjoyed the Coconut Shrimp ($6); which came with a delicious slaw-like side.  The shrimp had a wonderful blend of seafood and coconut; not too sweet and definitely crunchy!  I also order the Fried Macaroni and Cheese ($5); which came as two very large wedges and a sweet & spicy dipping sauce.  They were nice and crispy on the outside; and deliciously cheesy on the inside.  I would definitely recommend dipping bites into the sauce! My only complaint would have to be that one or two bites; deep on the inside; were a little cold.  It could certainly have been a one-time thing; and I have to admit that I'd probably try it again.Everything else I sampled from my fellow teachers was also pretty tasty; including the shrimp ceviche and apple-glazed meatballs.  While we're only a team of 6 teachers; the seating was set for groups of 4; so we had to just turn our chairs and chat.  Not ideal; but we managed.Overall; the food and prices (for Happy Hour; at least) make it worth a trip!
I stayed here last week for work.  Overall I had a great experience.  The service was friendly and helpful.  My room rocked.  I had a walk out patio with a few chairs and table that overlooked the golf course.  It had an awesome living room with couch; chair; desk; etc.  The bedroom was roomy with an awesome bathroom - double sinks; big tub and a separate glass shower.Since I was there for a work meeting there was the requisite meeting room; breakfast room; cocktail hour; etc.  Everything was great.  We had lunch set up outside one day which was gorgeous.  I would definitely stay here when back in Scottsdale area!
I had my hair done by Brittany. She was nice and personable and I really enjoyed her. She did an excellent job on my full highlights with two colors and a trim.This was my first time at Pure and I can't remember the last time I was actually satisfied with my hair coloring; I walked out a satisfied customer. The salon was nice and small and the staff was very friendly. The products they use are amaizing; no harsh smells; or anything bad. I used to go home from other salons and wash my hair because I hated the smell of their products; these made my hair smell amazing. They also told me that I could come back with my baby ( I had been told by Toni and Guy in Scottsdale that I shouldn't bring my baby with me because she disturbed other customers) I am looking forward to coming back with her! Also I will reccommend this to anyone pregnant or with babies because there are no chemicals. I was so happy with my experience here and really enjoyed Brittany; I look forward to going back for my hair and my nails.Side note: Make sure you find the salon by going off Central; googlemaps lied to me haha.
This place was so disoriented when I visited.  I went for dinner and we had to wait an hour for the food to come after we ordered from the server.  The meals all came out at different times and it was so awkward to all eat at different times.  My food was not hot at all so I had to send it back.  The waiter wasn't really giving us a good explanation of why it was taking so long and why the food didn't come out hot.  She said that the cooks don't know how to cook in the kitchen.... hmmm. The manager didn't have any idea why the kitchen was being so slow.
Our favorite breakfast place ever. Have been going there since the 1980s. LOVE the french toast with the homemade bread. I always buy a loaf when I leave. Also another favorite is the English Harvest. I also always purchase the homemade apple cinnamon jelly; it is so scrumptious!
This is a really nice little place located in downtown Phoenix. Parking is quite good in their private lot;but if it is full you can always park on the street around the neighborhood.It is a house that has been changed to a lovely little eatery.They have designed it very nicely; so it flows but; it is also private. We have been here for Brunch only.  But; the food was very good and the coffee nice and smooth. They even have raw sugar(my favourte.)  This place is for sure worth your time.I would come back any time.    Prices are a little high; But that is the way it goes.
Very well laid out with easily accessible entrances and exits.  Bathrooms are the cleanest I have ever seen for a stadium.
From the front office to the quality of dental care; this place is perfect. My boyfriend started going there; then I did. We even switched our son over from his pediatric dentist to go here because they are so gentle; clean and professional. I have also had some dental issues in the past and they actually were able to give me OPTIONS to correct them; not just telling me what to do. I have never had a choice in decision making in my dental care. When I went in when I was pregnant; I let them know the taste of mint made me nauseous and they easily accommodated me. We have never felt ridiculed or scolded here; which is a common issue with dentists.If I move to Sun City some day; I will still make the drive to this office. This is my forever dentist.
I have been here on a few occasions with my fiance and while I enjoy Maizie's; it always seems like she gets raw end of the deal.  It is a decent place for brunch; but outside of that; I think Maizie's really struggles finding a strong and suitable identity for dinner.Meal:  I typically just brunch here.  I have been here two dinner services but that was a while ago and apparently it wasn't very memorable.Taste:  The food is mediocre.  The food is billed as this well done; urban simply crafted meal that has a slight sophisticated or unique twist; however; it really comes off as food missing a strong identity and not put together.  I would almost categorize their food as if it was a meal that was put together by someone who was looking up random Food Network recipes and lacked the culinary experience to know if it would really work out.  It is not that the meals are bad; but its really a restaurant that masquerades as this new wave of culinary philosophy and in reality; its just a step above Denny's and hackneyed.  The meals I have ordered there are not well put together and lack cohesiveness.  6 out of 10.Value:  Their happy hour specials are usually pretty great but overall; its neither great or awful.  3 out of 5.Service/Cleanliness:  I have been usually happy with the service at this restaurant but there was one occasion where the waitress clearly didn't know the menu.  When the food came out to our table; my fiances dish was missing a couple key ingredients listed on the menu.  The waitress was absolutely sure about the dish was cooked correctly and it was until showing her the menu did she realize she was wrong.  7 out of 10.Atmosphere:  The place is cute and has some of the best outdoor seating out of any restaurant in the area.  The interior decorating is nice and so is the music.  4 out of 5.Overall:  There are a ton of great locally owned business near Maizes that I would go to.  But hey; if your heart is set on this place; then go for it . . . just don't be too disappointed when you find out its mediocre.  21 out of 30 points; 3 out of 5 stars.
I really love the Cheesecake Factory. I know the menu is huge but that means I never go to the same restaurant twice! My favorite is the grilled eggplant sandwich. The Louisiana Chicken Pasta is also always a perfect choice. As for dessert...the tiramisu is fabulous. The only reason they are not getting five stars from me is that at this location; I have had crappy service twice. Indifferent servers who really seem to think they have something better they could be doing. The food though; always great. This is probably my favorite chain restaurant. The ice green tea they added to the menu about a year ago is so refreshing on a hot summer day and the best part...free refills! Love the green tea.
I had eaten here before with a friend and when I saw a Groupon for this restaurant I thought I would grab it and treat my husband to some Indian food. So we went there for lunch on a Saturday afternoon and ordered the Vegetable Samosa to start off. They were delicious. I then ordered the Vegetable Biryani and my husband order the Chicken Tikki Wrap. My husband really enjoyed his wrap. My rice was okay. For $14; I thought it would be a little better; but it was okay. Some of the vegetables (peas and carrots) seemed like they came from a frozen mix. I wasn't that impressed. The kicker came when we went to use our Groupon. Even though we had ordered over $25 worth of food without our lunch special; we were told we couldn't use our Groupon  because we ordered a lunch special. We told them that is fine; don't include the lunch special and just apply it to the other food we ordered; the waiter didn't want to split out the check because it would make the owner mad. I was like what?? Don't make the customer happy - great choice. Customer service is not their first focus. It would explain why they were so few people in there and they need to do a Groupon. There are other Indian restuarants by us with better food; so we won't be back.
CUSTOMER SERVICE TOTALLY HORRIBLE. While the food is; let's say; OK (not the best despite the price that implies a superior product) the manager is coming directly from hell. Watch your credit card statement as mine was just double the amount of the meal and the merchant refuses to accept that there is a problem with it. 100% tip? Not on my receipt (which I thankfully I kept.) Thank you for the credit card protection mechanism against these vultures. Should send the Mystery Diners team there..
Andrew comp'd over $30 of food because on a previous order our food was not prepared correctly. Superb customer service.
This was the second time we've been to Jalapeno Inferno and I am certain it will be the last.  We decided to hit up this joint again after forgetting we've been there once and subsequently bought a localdines coupon thinking we would try the place out.  After purchasing the coupon we both realized we'd been there before and weren't impressed the first time; but since we already bought it; we headed down for some dinner.  The restaurant was packed on this particular Sunday night; so we waited about 15 minutes to be seated.  We were seated in the bar area; which normally would be fine; but like I said it was pack and we were surrounded by people who were getting a drink waiting for their table.  It was so uncomfortably crowded I almost had a panic attack.  Thankfully a booth opened up near our hightop table and we quickly claimed it to get out of the crowd.  The staff was accommodating; but seemed super overwhelmed by the massive amount of people.The chips/salsa that were served before our meal were ok.  The salsa wasn't my style and the flour chips were good; but the plain ones (not sure why they mix the two) were so-so.  I ordered steak fajitas; which came out looking like chicken (a weird color) and the Hubs had enchiladas; which he seemed to like.Basically; my opinion is there are better mexican choices in town.  Jalapeno Inferno is OK; but I would rather go to GREAT than OK.  Just my two cents...
In order to submit a review I guess you have to at least click one star.  But I just want to specify that I think Da Vang deserves 0 stars. I'm not sure why this establishment has a solid 4 star average.  I guess people like to eat water flavored pho and water flavored everything; basically.  I haven't had food from this place in years; but since our regular spot was closed; we came in here to get our fix.  After our meal; I remembered why I hadn't visited this place for a long time. The food sucks.  And I feel bad for everyone who thinks this place is awesome; cause you guys have sterile taste buds.
The Downtown YMCA appears to be entering some sort of shame-cycle. I've been a member for 20 years but I'm going looking for a new gym this weekend.They had too-short hours during the Nov-Jan holidays; closing the pool for a week at a time and the gym for a few days at a time. The weekend hours have always been slim. People who work for a living to pay their dues need some flexibility.In December they dunned their members an assessment fee of $30 - this has been wildly unpopular as you can imagine. I did not receive any notice of this fee; and I checked my mail and email. Last I checked the Y is not an HOA. I heard from somebody if I request the $30 be refunded - in writing - they will deign to return it to me. But I haven't received any notification of the fee except the debit to my bank account; and no instructions on how to request one. This sort of thing reeks of greed and is incompatible with YMCA values. They already charge high prices - their individual membership rate is north of $50 a month now and they charge a $99 signup fee. And you still have to put up with broken equipment; nonfunctioning saunas; etc. The combo of increased rates + decreased service makes one wonder if they aren't possibly going out of business. Today I had the extreme displeasure of requesting an emailed copy of the current pool schedule. The first thing they sent me was an illegible copy of the general fitness class schedule. When I called back I was put on hold and forgotten. When I called the third time; I was told that it was not possible to fax or email the pool schedule even though they've done so before. When I expressed my unhappiness at the poor quality of service; I was chastised by an employee who said I won't help you if you use unkind language. I didn't cuss; yell or call her names or threaten her. I merely told her that her and others' efforts weren't cutting it. I asked to speak to somebody empowered and willing to actually assist me. Then she put me on hold as punishment without telling me she was doing so. Nobody returned my phone call. The Y shows contempt for its members by treating them this way.So apparently these spoiled tots running the YMCA think that customer complaints constitute abusive speech. Whose children are these narcissistic snowflakes?Common-sense and constructive suggestions for improvement:1. Return the $30 to everybody with a very public letter of apology. Never do it again.2. Customer service training for all front facing staff. Have a supervisor who is always available during operating hours who is mature and willing and able to help.3. Speedy repairs to all broken equipment.4. Expanded hours. More on weekends; and don't close except on major holidays.5. Have at least one lap lane open during each and every hour during the day that the pool is open. It is untenable that this scarce resource shouldn't be shared with everybody to the utmost. Too often the pool is unavailable for lap swimming during times of day that working people (who pay for Y memberships) can be available.6.  Keep a lid on fee increases. You receive grant money; donations; high member fees and money from ASU to provide services to students. You shouldn't need any more money - you're a nonprofit.
Somewhat of a dive but perfect for late nights after hitting downtown. Careful for the death trap to and from the bathroom; those stairs have taken down many a drunk.
So glad I found this place. I was in town for business and with an important meeting coming up I wanted to look my best....YELP! I called here about 4:00 and they were able to get me in at 4:45 for threading. The lady ( I can't remember her name) did my eyebrows to perfection. They were natural; shaped and most of all clean. I was so happy; that I don't even live here; but anytime I am in the Phoenix Area I will make the drive to get my eyebrows done.
On Christmas Eve my car decided it didn't want to start any longer. My mom had a good experience and suggested Wilhelm Auto so I had my car towed over there. Within hours I got a call from their manager Chris asking my approval on a charge to diagnose the car. Of course I said yes. He said he'd call back in an hour with more info.After an hour Chris called back with details of what they thought was the issue. He very carefully explained everything and gave me a total to fix it. The charges were VERY reasonable even with the diagnoses. I gave him my approval and off to work they went on my car. I was beyond stressed considering I'm a single mom with twins boy. I was afraid the charges were going to be outrageous. They were under $400. You can even buy a coupon; which I just did. Anyone that has had a bad experience here must be hard to please or are purposely posting negative reviews to make this company look bad. I will ONLY go to this place of business for car repairs.
Awesome food at the Tilted Kilt. Yes; the waitresses have the little outfits; but they do a great job too. Plenty of tvs to watch the games and unlike other sports bars; this place turns the audio on.
I am writing this more for the manager Kelli than for the restaurant or our server. We actually had pretty bad service; though we did not get a chance to complain about it. We were seated quickly; and our service seemed very new at his job.  We were there for lunch.  We ordered our food and received soups and salad before drinks.  We were finished with our soups and salads before we caught the attention of another server who came to our aid and apologized for us not having our drinks yet.  She alerted the manager as we did not complain; just asked for our drinks.  Drinks came and then our entrees.  Our server came by a couple times and apologized but was still very weak at his job.  Hopefully he is given another chance and receives more training before his next guest arrives.  The 5 stars go to Kelli though for just coming out of nowhere and comping our meal.  Having a meal for free is very nice; but considering we didn't even complain but that she took the initiative to make sure that we were taken care of and happy with our experience - that's why she gets the 5 stars.  Great job Kelli - keep up the good work!
Remember the Cheers theme song Where Everybody Knows Your Name ????Making your way in the world todayTakes everything you gotTaking a break from all your worriesSure would help a lotThis is THE ONLY place I go in Phoenix and they remember my name and ask about my husband by name. Now; THAT is impressive!Stan is a wonderful guy and runs a fabulous business! We have ordered many platters for business events and they have been done perfectly and on time EVERY SINGLE TIME! It's hard to find anyone that consistently good.The meat is fabulous; the sandwiches outstanding and the prices are wonderful. For instance; the cheesecake is $1.69. I told Stan he could double that price and no one would flinch about paying more. He said; he makes a profit at $1.69 and he is happy with that. WOW!I can't rave enough about this place! Try it; you will love it!!
Off to a good start...hoping they stay open since others in the area keep shutting down (adios Nimbus).  Beer selection was good - especially enjoyed the Irish Red - and the ambiance was appealing.  Pizza was fair; as my search for acceptable pizza in the valley continues.  Wish there were other options besides pizza.  Overall a good experience - rooting for this place.
Majerles will not be on my list of go-to places the next time I am in the Phoenix area.Ordered a Caesar salad with grilled shrimp and a side of avocado.  I feel like this is one of the few things you really cannot mess up when dining out anywhere; but the plate I had at Majerles was supremely subpar - there weren't many pieces of shrimp on the salad.  It was mostly a big plate of green with a few shrimps and they weren't well-seasoned either.  A few pieces of shrimp were really bland and then some were over-seasoned with whatever spice they threw on there.  The side of avocados was not a pleasant sight; they actually gave it to me on a small plate and the slices were half-browned by the time the plate arrived on the table.  Sure; I occasionally eat partially-browned avocados at home in my own kitchen; but I wouldn't serve it up to someone if I owned my own restaurant!  The service was attentive; but not overbearing.  Our server was really nice.  I'd be much more interested exploring the other dining options that are available in the area instead of returning to Majerles next time I'm in Phoenix.
Ate there the other night; visiting rom Colorado. I don't know if Scottsdale realizes what a gem it has in its midst! Pizza was excellent; the beer over the top; but the atmosphere was so comfortable and open. These guys know what they are doing and that can be a rare thing. If you like hops the Pale ale is it; if not try their Irish!!
Reasonably priced. Rapid friendly service. Typical Nth American fare. Nothing too spectacular or original. Worked for our family of six. Was convenient for the theatre and got us in and out in plenty of time.
It's a chain; it's a little overpriced and the food is mediocre. I went here after going to an event downtown. This location was insanely busy; but they did manage to get out the food quickly. Props to the kitchen on this.Overall - Speed A- (considering)Food portion - C (Downtown? go to Seamus; or Turf; or Rose& Crown / In the East Valley? Fibber Magee's/Rula Bula/Robbie Fox's)Authenticity - D (It's supposed to be an Irish pub yeah?)I realize it's a chain; so I probably shouldn't be so harsh in the first place.
This place was on my to do list during my visit to Arizona recently. I had seen the restaurant on Diners; Dive-ins; and Drives and knew I had to try it. Its a blend of Mexican/Asian food. I had the jade red chicken with white rice; AWESOME. You also get a cookie with your order :) Very unique place to have a meal. I highly recommend it if you're ever in the Glendale/Phoenix area.
Flight attendant spilled water on my MacBook ProFried itI work from homeIt is my livelihoodAirline won't pay for it Cites we don't pay for electronics I want my machine replacedNow
I've seen this place downtown for years and finally went for a work-related holiday lunch with a party of 10.  Now I've heard rave reviews for years; but I have to say I was a bit disappointed with the food.  The server was friendly and efficient; and though we waited a bit for our food; they kept the hot bread coming; which was quite tasty.   I had the Italian Sausage sandwich.  It was a few small pieces of sausage; average flavor; on what looked and tasted like a somewhat large hotdog bun that had been on the counter for a while.  I was still hungry afterwards.  Now; I can go to a deli and get a bigger sausage sub with way more sausage for the same price and end up taking half home for later.  I will say that it was not at all expensive and that combined with the decent service is why I gave 3 stars.
Excellent food; great atmosphere; family-owned. A Tempe gem.
Saw this place on yelp and decided to try it since I LOVE Italian food. The service was friendly and fast. I was a little disappointed that they didnt have to baked spaghetti pie. So opted out to try the baked ravioli and I was not disappointed!  It was awesome!  Next time I'm in Glendale I will for sure hit this place up again!
Fast; friendly and delicious.My favorite? Large supreme with extra jalepenos.
First a confession: I'm a Nike addict. There; I got that out of the way.About this store - it's like a mini NikeTown. They don't have the space of the NikeTowns that I've been to; but a good selection for the space they do have.The NikeID lab is cool - you can get color options you don't get online; and they'll ship to the store for free.The two things I didn't like were A) no kids shoes or clothing whatsoever. I have two kids and I like to share my addiction with them...no luck here.B) No focus on local teams. They should have basketball shoes in purple & orange specialPhoenix colorways - not an entire wall of Kobe Bryant gear. After all; the Lakers are the mortal enemies of Phoenix natives.
I started going here when they were on Northern and haven't looked back.  I'm not sure why they have a menu as the star of the show is the fresh made pasta.  They bring it by on a plate and tell you what is fresh for the day .  Porcini infused with lobster is hard to pass up but sometimes they have squid ink with seafood which is my favorite. Service and dessert are middle of the road but I'm there for the pasta!
Well; on the way to this location we called and asked the girl who answered the phone which corner of Cooper and Ray they were on and she said she didn't know; hmmm (SE corner BTW). When we walked in there was a very strong cleaning chemical odor coming from the propped open bathroom. The decor is very stark and the service less than enthusiastic.   There is a handwritten sign by the salsa bar threatening prosecution of any apprehended hot sauce thieves; you are warned! Food wasn't terrible; just not very good.  Won't be returning.
Do not go here.  Big rip=off.  All Chicks are theives
My girlfriend wanted to celebrate her birthday here and made dinner reservations for a party of 20.  Upon arriving to the restaurant; she discovered that they had reserved the front lounge area; which was a nice area; but with coffee tables and couches; not conducive to a sit-down dinner.  I wasn't privy to all of the conversations that went on between her and the manager but there was a pretty serious miscommunication about whether we were having dinner or just drinks and appetizers.  Meanwhile; the group is gathering in the lobby/lounge area which would have been a really fantastic time to send a server over for drink orders.  Nope.  Nothing.  A large group with cash?  Really?  Really.  They let us stand there aimlessly until the manager called a neighboring restaurant to see if they could accommodate us.  (And I know most of us were a little bewildered dealing with the Esher-esque parking situation and could have really used a drink.  The decor was cute and the menu was interesting but the lack of customer service was so off-putting that we will not likely end up here intentionally.
This is my final review for 2012. So I thought it was fitting to review Fed Ex.This location is great and Edward is a really nice guy. (He works there).I had to visit this location a few times during December; he always had a smile and was happy to help and answer questions. At times he had a lot of people in there. All wanting and needing information; help; and packaging.He was so laid back and helpful.Even thanked everyone for their Business.So nice to go into a place like this. Plus; all our packages arrived safe and sound and in perfect condition.They will take Check; cash; or credit as well.
Great tamales; fast food prices
Pizza is a little heavy on the cheese; but good overall. Great service and huge salads.
This is one of those situations where I almost don't want to tell you how good Duane is for purely selfish reasons....Had a big list of things that needed to be done; faucet installs; minor electrical work; vanity install; painting; and too many other things to list.  Looked on Yelp (as always) to see if I could find a handyman with good reviews and Diamond D Handyman pops up.  Called immediately and asked for an estimate - the incredibly fair and detailed estimate was provided quickly so I booked a few days of his time.WOW; this guy is good.  Professional and reliable; you're not going to see anything half done or sloppy; no gotchas; no cut corners; no worries at all.  I've already started making my after Christmas fix it list and will be calling Duane again.
Wonderful neighborhood Italian spot. Waiter was from Milan. Great evening!
Stopped in on a date night a few months back; and I was pretty pleased with the options.  It was late in the evening and I was glad to see so many fresh veggies; and the staff was super friendly (I always walk away from a dining experience happier when the employees are friendly and chatty; treat me like a friend; not a paycheck).  I've never been a huge sushi fan; but occasionally I get a hankering for it; and this really hit the spot (their sauces are super yummy; too).  I definitely want to go back.  It's location right across the street from Sidebar doesn't hurt; either.
Please do not walk; run away from using Hendel's Air Conditioning.  We have had nothing but trouble with the new a/c unit that was installed in the summer of 2011 and the customer service people are downright rude when we call to have the problems addressed.  They don't seems to care one bit about the quality of their products; or the happiness of their customers.  The technicians that have come out have been very friendly and professional; but can't seem to determine why our new unit keeps breaking.  Save yourself a lot of headaches and use a different provider for your heating & air conditioning needs.
Johnny did it again. Sens was my favorite restaurant; yet somehow with Sochu; Johnny found a way to improve on what was already fantastic.While I admit the location is not the best (especially with recent construction) the bigger space; the separate bar and dining room; the extra bathrooms; the expanded menu; and the newly added happy hour more than make up for it.The expanded menu is exceptional; including an expansive tapas and family style section; and accommodates veggies; vegans; and carnivores alike. The outside patio is another really fantastic element. Thank you for the heaters.Well done; Johnny!
I was a little disappointed in how clean my carpets were after using Barefoot Organic. Don't get me wrong; my carpet is very old and light colored so there's a lot of spots and stains on it that will never come out. However; when I have used other services in the past I have seen a marked improvement but after using Barefoot they pretty much looked the same. And I was very surprised that it took 48 hours before the carpets were dry. And that was for the areas where I was able to open windows and turn the fans on high. For the hallway area; it was still damp after 3-4 days.I am giving them 3 stars; however; because they were so wonderful to work with. Shantell on the phone was very friendly and helpful. She went out of her way to accommodate my schedule and was very easy to deal with. Justin; who came to our home; was also very friendly and courteous. There was no up-charging or haggling over the price. Literally every other carpet cleaning company I have ever worked with I have had to argue over whether the larger rooms in my home should be considered two or three rooms and I usually end up paying about $50 more than I think I should be.
We had such an amazing time on our flights - will certainly be back when the weather warms up again!  Mo is awesome and his dog Rose makes the experience all the more fun!
Amazing shop! Best experience I have ever had at a piercing or tattoo shop. My piercer was Kevin and I get really nervous around needles; but he put me at ease and involved my friends who had come in with me in conversation and let them all come back with me. I got my tragus pierced five months ago here and it has healed wonderfully thanks to Kevin's instructions. I live in Southern California; but if I ever want another piercing I will try coming back here first. Kevin was also able to recommend a shop in my local area they trust for a jewelry change as well.
Beyond the valets; who were quite efficient; we had a truly underwhelming experience at the St. Francis and would never return.   Hosting - 0 starsIncompetent and argumentative... They told us on the phone there was no wait and we should hurry over.  Arrived in less than 10 minutes and told it was now a 35-minute wait (even though 1/3 of the place was empty) and we better plan on getting drinks in the bar; .  We protested and they argued back that we took too long to arrive.  We showed them our cell phone and yes; it was 7 minutes since we had spoken.  They rolled their eyes and grudgingly gave us the huge bar table that was far too large for just the four of us.  Should have just walked out right then.Seating - 0 starsVery dark with no lighting; no menu; and no server.  Waited for a while in site of the host.  Finally; went over to ask her for a couple of menus.  It was so dark; had to use our cell phones to read the menu.  After a squinting at them for a while; still no water & no server.We're about to flee this Bermuda Triangle experience; but the server finally shows up and apologizes profusely that this is not normally his section.  OK - let's start again...  Unfortunately; it did not improve much.Service - 2 starsPleasant & helpful; but we were repeatedly forgotten.  Our shared appetizer didn't show until the main courses arrived.  Refills of water were slow and offers to refresh hour drinks didn't occur until we were nearly finished eating.  Took ages to get the bill paid now that the place (about 90 minutes later) had finally filled up.Food - varied* Roasted Salmon superfood - 4 stars ($23)quinoa; avocado; soy beans; radish; sweet chile vinaigrette were a good combination of flavors.  We enjoyed that dish.* Flatbread (which was like fluffy Boboli bread) - 2 stars ($13+ each)- Roasted vegetable version was severely lacking the vegetable toppings- Sausage version was heavy & greasy; and flatbread fell apart* Meatballs - 1 star ($15)Three dry; overcooked & overly spicy meatballs (and I normally like spice)Had heartburn all night  ;-(Plus the garlic bread served with it was so hard; it was uneatable.  We will not return.
I've tried a few places around Tempe and Mesa...  This one is off University in a small strip mall.. not too hard to find.  Its a cute little resteraunt. Take out and dine in are always quick.  The broth is always so hot i never have to worry getting home in time for it to cook properly.. SO good.. but doesnt  beat Pho Than Bros!
Dr. Hollenbach is awesome and highly knowledgeable. Everyone I interacted with on her staff was great too. It seems like every time I go to see the eye doctor the technology they have gets more advanced or she just happens to have the latest equipment.The office is fairly large and clean. They share the space with a few other eye related doctors that also seem great based on all their awards and celebrity endorsements posted on the walls. They do have some frames for you to browse through. It's definitely not the largest selection I've seen but they do have mostly designer frames.I didn't know that my insurance covered contact exams as my last one didn't so I was pleased when I was told that I would be receiving a credit when I picked up my contacts. I also got 4 boxes included in my coverage and they knew this when I was placing my order. I loved that they knew my insurance policy and was honest. I highly recommend her if you're looking for a great Optometrist; I know I'll be back next year!
HOT HOT HOT.  And did i mention hot? If you love spicy dishes full of flavor; take a drive over and have a feast.  I am writing this several weeks after my visit; so i do not remember much specifics but the dry hot pot dishes were amazing.. oh and for a tasty rare treat; get the xiao long bao.. they are little dumplings filled with meat and soup; a must try.  And that guy Jihan L. is correct about the tingly numbing feeling; i welcome it !
When deciding where to spend our money for our November 2011 wedding; we knew we wanted a videographer!  Most aspects of the wedding will come and go (hopefully not the spouse!) but a video would allow to enjoy our day over and over again.  After a bit of research; we decided to use Simply Cinema.  They did a great job on the highlight film.  I could watch that 10 minute clip over and over again . . . and I have.  I would have liked a little more human/live interaction.  In all of the exchanges there was only one phone call (I think; maybe; that may have been the first phone call I made to initiate service).  There was a lot of communication via email and an online survey to capture what I wanted in my video.  Very convenient; yet not much of a personal feel.  I have never used a videographer before; so knowing how to answer the questions on the survey was a little difficult; it would have been helpful to have a live person to talk me through my options.  For example; I was asked to select three songs to be on my highlight video.  The three I picked were not available due to copyright; so they picked songs for me.  The songs they picked are fine (again; I love the highlight video); however if I was given a list of 'approved' songs to pick from I might have been able to get songs that I wanted.The two videographers that filmed our wedding day were awesome; I really enjoyed having them there.  Nice; funny; just kinda quietly hung out in the background; getting everything on tape; and stepping in to help or offer a suggestion when needed. Turns out there was a problem with one of the cameras and the wide shot during the wedding was blurry.  Kind of a bummer when I was saying my vows.  After notifying the owner we did end up getting the raw footage at no cost to make up for the blurry shot.  That was nice.Overall; the work was good and the prices reasonable.  A little to be desired with the communication; but if you know that going into it; you can be prepared for it and still get a good product without blowing the budget.
I wish I had read the Yelp reviews before booking. The bathroom is really small; which wouldn't be a problem if the door opened towards the outside... The power plugs were loose in the bathroom and non-existent throughout the rest of the room.We were there for two nights; and was never serviced. We traveled with our two dogs so i made sure to call the front desk to let them know when we would be out with the dogs so they could come and clean the room... I did that twice the same day; and was clearly unsuccessful.I sent clothes to dry cleaning; and they were supposed to be ready by 9am the next morning... 11am nothing and we were already 2 hours behind schedule to hit the road. It took another 45 mins to get them and check-out. When I called to inquire about it; the lady at the front desk was as unpleasant as one can be. I won't go back to this hotel.
ok its not ghetto fab like red devil.... its different!!!!! but the pizza speaks for itself and is delish!!!! if you have a couple of hours to spare and want to try good pie stop here!!!!
Macy's; Nordstrom's; The Apple Store; and Sephora! I love this mall. Clean; pretty; gigantic; and all my favorite stores. Let me tell you; I HATE mall shopping... But this one is my favorite if I have to go. There is a movie theater; valet parking (I thought this was such a crazy thing at a mall; lol); and restaurants galore. I love the fountains and outdoor seating.
The atmosphere and the food were exactly what I was seeking. Very comfortable and well priced. They were more that happy to make any changes I desired when I wanted to substitute sides. I can't wait to go back.  I had one of their well-designed burgers - it didn't need a drop of ketchup. The posole soup was also very much on spot. I subbed in the arugula and beet salad and it was a perfect side to that big burger. The hardest part may be not trying some of the other interesting restaurants in this part of Phoenix.
Wine and bruschetta specials on Monday and Tuesday rock!  Love this place! Great place for happy hour or to meet up with the gals....great for a date also!
I finally checked this place out last weekend; and I am so glad that I did! This place is great overall. We sat outside on the patio; and it was fun people watching and looking at the cars going by. I had a mimosa; which was a bit pricey at $10; but it was in a huge class and was very tasty. My dining companion had a Bloody Mary--also $10 for the big size--which he enjoyed. The coffee was very nice as well.Following the recommendation of my server; I chose the Cinnamon Challah French Toast. It was SO good! Unlike some breakfast places; where you only get a minimal dusting of toppings on your french toast; my plate was loaded up with candied nuts and blueberries; raspberries; and blackberries. It was well worth the $11 because it was a HUGE serving. I think it came with 3 giant pieces of bread.The service was really great; friendly; and attentive. I can't wait to check this place out again. There are lots of other items that sound tasty; and they also serve lunch.
If you have been to the Chicago Theatre in downtown Chicago Illinois.....well this theatre....while not as big......would be Arizona's version. It is small....cozy....comfortable.....and very nostalgic. There is not a bad seat in the house and I was very surprised that I had not seen it before since I have spent sometime hanging around downtown. If your like me and go downtown for the sporting events and city center etc....this place could easily be missed. I went to a Yelp event there a couple of weeks ago which featured Circus Americana.....which is a family run and operated Circus....and it was awesome. If your looking for a huge venue to see a show then go to Chase Field or US Airways Arena.....however your looking for a nice intimate location well the Herberger Center is your spot. Eat; Drink; and be Merry my Friends!!!!!
Heck yes. Why go anywhere else?
not that great..  A lot of hype that I just did not get..
I have heard good things about Papago from reviews online so while in Phoenix I decided to see how it could be rated higher than my local hole; The Falling Rock. I'm sorry and call me biased but the tap selection here is so weak I've seen more choices at yard house on the 16th street mall in denver. The bottle take out is a nice idea but the selection is meek at best. Not to mention i couldnt find anyone to help look for my beer that was seemingly not there. I haven't been to them all but while I'd give the falling rock in denver a 9.5/10 this place would barely reach a 5 and that just on selection alone.. Sorry guys.
The main ingredient is corn syrup. Allow me to explain -- my family and I visited this place about one hour ago. I was pretty excited; because apparently they produce something edible here on occasion; which is good because restaurants usually do that...right? Anyway; I was under the impression that it would be something that resembled New England/New York style Chinese food. Hah; nope. Well; we sat down; and after about 5 minutes or so the waitress passes out our menus. So far; so good. Takes about 10 minutes for her to come back to ask us what we'd like to eat. Also not bad; it's pretty busy for a Monday and we assume she's the only one working the front at this point; so there's no problem. 20 minutes later; after everyone else in the restaurant except us was served (that includes people that arrived well after us; with similarly sized orders; to boot) the waitress hands out the appetizer; chicken wings. They were reportedly quite good; but the complete dearth of drumsticks meant that we weren't exactly getting our money's worth. 20 minutes LATER; the actual food arrives; and by this point I'm wondering what the hell is going on. This is a Chinese restaurant; right? Call this stereotypical; but aren't Chinese restaurants supposed to have eerily quick turnaround times for their food? I thought to myself; This is a friggin' paradox; a SLOW Chinese place? So while I was happily engaged looking for a rip in the space time continuum (didn't find it; it's probably out back by the dumpster) my rations arrive. I ordered Szechuan Beef; my folks ordered shrimp and lobster sauce; Szechuan chicken; and what appeared to be donut holes with chicken in them. I'm so hungry at this point that the UN is unloading pallets of  emergency food aid into the parking lot; so I dig in expecting -- sugar? I take another bite. The sauce is SATURATED in a thick; syrupy; gloppy mixture of what is probably laundry starch and corn syrup mixed with a dash of soy sauce. It was so sweet it was unreal. Everyone else at the table was complaining about it in short order; and my granddad can't taste the lobster sauce. So looking down at my weirdly meaty dessert ; it hits me: Oh yeah; I'm on a diet. So even if I enjoyed drinking straight corn syrup (as opposed to gay corn syrup; which is FABULOUS); this stuff was entirely off limits for me. Now I'm getting a bit pissed; and decide; after a bit of cajoling; to order some teriyaki beef; turning over the possibilities in my mind and wondering; How do you mess up beef on a stick? WELL BY GOD THEY PERSEVERED; AND LO; I BEHELD BEFORE MY VERY EYES: A candy coated strip of shoe leather. Pretty good for leather; but masquerading as beef is a bit harder. Well played; Great Wall. Oh; yeah; it took them another 20 minutes to get us the check once we were done (which mostly involved me staring at my plate looking forlorn and slightly constipated); but by that point I just didn't care.
So; I had #10: Tre-Tre - 2 drumsticks & waffle with a side of Fries. First let me say I been to the one In Phoenix a few times and this was my first time at the Scottsdale location and the Phoenix location I was not impressed at all you could tell the oil needed to be changed each time I went. No on to the Scottsdale location I was Very impressed food came out hot good flavor fresh. The atmosphere was nice; The service was just ok took them awhile to take our order and come back for refills but over all it was a good meal.
Not the normal antique mall. I'm within walking distance and when I remodeled my house I went a couple of times a week. Seemed like they moved stuff around everyday so I'd see things I missed the day before. And inventory turned over very fast.A real mix; you really never know what you'll find which every store says; but here it's true. I can walk to several antique stores and most I just go a couple of times a year...same stuff year after year. Not Zinnias. If I don't go once a week I know I'm missing out on some great finds.Most prices are very reasonable; a few crazy high; but I've found some real deals like a perfect condition Uhl Toledo Art rolltop typewriter stand for $125; metal piano castors for $5 each; 1940's couch for $35; oak banker's chair for $15; on and on. One of the few places you can find deals which makes the hunt fun.Lot of stuff for repurposing. Like right now someone torn apart a piano and is selling the parts; $1 per key; etc. Old glass tubes; sash wheels; on and on. I'm not talking about the standard hinges and door knobs; though they have a few. But stuff you never saw before. Even their receipts are cool. I'm saving mine for a wall paper project.The people working there have always been helpful and seemed to enjoy being there.
Since our last visit the restaurant has undergone a minor renovation.  New paint; some new light fixtures and some new photo murals on the walls - the restaurant still looks old and dated.  The place was jammed at lunch.Our lunches were a bit better than our last visit - barely three stars in my book.  The server was attentive on a busy day.  I suppose I would go back; but I am not a fan of Applebee's.
Love their teeth whitening; painless and in an hour was back to my whitest shade.  Very little sensitivity after too; much better than the trays I was using before.Love all the new clothes too; some very cute stuff!Highly recommend; awesome customer service!
Very good service that is prompt. Our waiter made sure we always had a full glass. The food is phenomenal as well. I had a seafood combination special with salmon; shrimp and a petite filet mignon. It came with mashed potatoes and a hefty portion of asparagus and a crab succotash . The meat was perfect as was the salmon. The prawns were butterflied and grilled. A very filling portion. This is primarily a seafood place but you can't go wrong with the steaks either. Top notch service that is on par with the food; you will be hard pressed to do better.
I really do like this place. It's not Baker's; but seriously a close second. The plants feel a little more big box than Baker's which is why it doesn't get another star; but the space and other offerings are fabulous.In addition; the staff is super friendly and they offer little things that make their service stand out. For example; they have these lovely little rolls of heavy gauge plastic to line your trunk or seats with; to prevent soil from getting everywhere. They have these super convenient carts that have a pivoting top shelp; which makes buying tall things really easy.They have one of the nicest selections of glazed pots around. I'm already finding this to be a little bit of a problem; since I have now decided that I need to change out all of mine because the ones I bought are so darn pretty and colorful.Parking can be a little iffy; when crowds overflow from the neighboring businesses. I was intrigued at how a nursery could set up a workable space at the end of a strip mall; but they did a nice job.This has replaced the big box shops for when I need something quick and I have a feeling that they will be seeing a lot more of me in the spring.
Tons of beer if that's your thing... full bar too.  No cocktail menu to speak of; and only a few food items on the menu.  Felt like kind of a basic; no frills place; which can be a good thing sometimes.  We were there in late December at night and all the doors were open with no heating... not sure why that was; but wear a coat if you're going to hang out indoors here in the cooler months.  Freezing cold; tried using the candles on the table to keep warm; not so efficient... so we only stayed for one drink and bounced.
This was the very first time I had ever been to this Hospital. I have been very lucky and not had to be to too many in my adult years.The first thing you notice here is the free Vallet parking; yes free. If you decide not to use it ;you may also park it yourself again for free.Not all hospitals can say that.The staff here was very nice; and on top of that very helpful. My Doctors office really told me little to nothing about what I was having checked prior to my surgery..But; all the lovely ladies I encountered and the Scottsdale Hospital told me every thing and explained every thing.I say Thank You Jesus for them; because I was feeling very confused about everything and very upset because; I felt unaware of what was going on.The hospital is clean; and every one that works there was so nice and helpful.Every dept. that I went to had more helpful and friendly people.If I ever have to have surgery again; this is where I would like to go.
Being a Safeway; you don't expect much in the way of extravagance; but it seems like when this store has a product that gets too popular; they discontinue or change it.  For 4 years I have been buying their bakery's jalapeño and cheese focaccia bread; because it was great! Now; they changed the way they bake it and it sucks.  For years I have enjoyed the Kalamata Olives and Feta cheese salad from their deli bar... Now they switched to inferior olives and if you want any Feta with them; you'll have to mix it up yourself.  So; I still shop here because it is convenient and their is a great bank up front; Starbucks and my dry cleaner is in same plaza.  I just wish the management at this Safeway would put about 10% more effort into making this a great supermarket.
Just recently moved to Phx and have had many people refer me to this restaurant for pho. I have been here on numerous occasions and have had the best food every time.  I prefer the #13 and the fried egg rolls. The vegetarian egg rolls are very delicious as well.
I returned here after having a good experience with Tony. This time how ever I got to the nail saloon and they were busy. They asked me what I wanted; I replied a Manicure and pedicure. They asked if I had time to wait and I did for about 30 minutes. Then I was called to the chair to begin the Pedicure ; But the Cosmetologist Elaine F. Van (Kim) was just finishing with another customer; she was telling her to go sit under the light; then customer said that she mentioned that she wanted a manicure as well. Kim's response was I didn't know you wanted Manicure too. That's why I brought her back. (Referring to me.) I then let her know that I could wait. Once she finally got to me she seemed to be in a rush. They normally ask which package you would like before starting. But; unfortunately this didn't happen. She rushed through the Pedicure. Then Kim applied a new coat of polish you could still see that the old polish wasn't fully removed. I have never had a pedicure that takes less than 15 minuets. After she was done with my nails she told me to go and sit under the light. I had to remind her just like the woman before me that I wanted a manicure. I sat at Kim's table and she again rushed the process of a manicure at this point no one was waiting so why the rush. While doing my manicure she dropped the instrument on the floor and then picked them up and continued to use them on me. At this point I was in such discussed that I asked her to only do a clear coat on nails and not color. She couldn't even put a clear coat on the nail to cover it fully. This was by far the worse experience I have ever had at a nail saloon.  I paid and left. But on the drive home I was so upset I decided to go back and ask for the owners name and information to contact him and let him know what happened. I walked back into the nail saloon and asked for the owner's info and Kim hesitated to release it. She finally said that the owners name was Lee and then asked me why what's wrong I told her I would let Lee know about my experience. I highly recommend not going to this nail saloon unless you are sure that you have Tony.
REALLY awful. We were sat across from the bar somewhat near the front entrance. Our server came and we both ordered drinks; he ordered a beer and I had a Malibu and pineapple. Once our drinks were delivered mine had a bug in it as well as a clear shard of plastic. Really..? You didn't notice that when you were making the drink? I let the bartender know and he got me a new drink which also had a bug in it. I sent it back and declined another drink. After receiving our food something caught my eye right above and slightly behind my boyfriends head. A swarm of gnats was actually circling near the wall that separated us from the servers walkway. I couldn't stop staring at them. I told my boyfriend but I guess from his angle and the light he really couldn't see the tiny bugs flying near his head. The prices really don't match the food y ou get. They really should lower their prices. The salad is pathetic with its place iceberg lettuce and basically no dressing.  The pastas we ordered were bland and tasteless. The only decent thing was the spumoni you get at the end of your meal. I was so uncomfortable here I don't want to ever go back. Every time my boyfriend asks if we should try them again all I can think of are those bugs and I veto the option immediately. We love RigaTony's and Oregano's; WAY better food; great service; and an inviting atmospheres. Please trust me and MANY of reviewers; just don't waste your time or money coming here.
While I'm a Starwood regular; this is the first time I stay at a W. And I must say; I was sold on the spot.You'll truly appreciate the chicness of the W brand when you glance around and notice the glaring modern decoration; ambient neon lighting; and overpowering shapes and colors that truly take you to a modern luxe lifestyle. Somehow; this brand was able to encapsulate the ideal lifestyle I want for myself. The rooms are quite different from the regular hotel layout. Everything is open and the bed is the centerpiece of the room. No corridors; no inner doors; nothing. You'll step from your bed onto the bathroom area; which is a flowing open space. Personally; I think every room should be laid out like this.I didn't have time to peruse all of the hotel's facilities; but the lobby+bar is where you want to hang out; as well as the upper patio by the pool; Wet I believe it's called. Great vibe; great drinks; great people. The gym; however; was cramped and left much to be desired; even for a hotel. Negative points for that.Distinguishing factor: hip parties on the weekends that really define the hotel; and make the W brand come alive. They also  had a fake ice skating rink on the patio.
After an intense therapy session; I came to Wild Thaiger to debrief. They have lunch specials and bottomless french-pressed tea. The organic green tea is my favorite. Everything was very delicious and refreshing. The patio is the style of restaurants on Washington Ave; Miami Beach.My 'Thai Spicy' green curry beef came out artistically and I took a picture. I saw other people taking pics of their food; as well. Who doesn't want to eat beauty?The soup was fantastic. I doctored it up with mad jalapenos and dry red chili paste. My nose was snotting down my face.. Cultural note to the haters:Thai people eat cockroaches as an after bar street fare. Jebus ppl! It's better than a bacon wrapped hot dog out the side of a utility van.
The husband and I originally came here for a Yelp Cocktail Society event and decided we should come back to try more of the menu since the appetizers were delicious. I received an email regarding their Christmas dinner; which included Lobster Bisque; so the husband was sold and reservations were made. We sat inside; but the patio looked very pretty and inviting with the lights. However; just a tad too chilly! Our server was nice and helpful and while the restaurant didn't seem very busy; the service was a little slow. (People seated after us received their food before us and such. Not sure where the holdup was!)The husband ordered the lobster bisque and I ordered the salad off the Christmas Prix Fixe Menu as our starters. The husband liked his bisque and my salad was good. Neither appetizer was spectacular but not bad. For our main course; both of us ordered the Roasted Beef Tenderloin with horseradish potatoes. The beef was tender and the potatoes were good. I liked them together; as the beef needed a little extra spice. The beef alone didn't have much flavor/spice otherwise. (The husband wasn't very impressed and had to order an extra side of horseradish.) For dessert; we both ordered the bread pudding - big mistake. Yes; the portion of bread pudding was huge but it was also bland. It wasn't like any other bread pudding I've had before; more like a thick sponge cut in half. I saw other diners order the red velvet cake and was immediately jealous. (I'm a huge desert person and barely ate this bread pudding.)Overall; the dinner was okay; but definitely not my favorite. For the price; I feel like we could have gone somewhere else and received a better meal overall. ***Not being factored into the review; but something I wanted to bring up: The husband and I received 2 gift cards from our Yelp Cocktail Event - completely free. This was a very generous offer from the establishment and much appreciated. We were very excited to come back and to use the gift cards. As we were paying for our meal; we had the waiter check the denomination as we were never told the amount on the cards. Unfortunately; one of the gift cards was blank. I understand that they were free gift cards; but anyone would expect them not to be blank. Just a tad disappointing and hope no one else received a blank card as well! Please note; this is not being factored into the review; as I am only basing the stars given on the food and service.***
This is a great place for lunch or dessert.Thier hotdogs are really good; served in split top buns (which are the best IMO). Along w/ their shoestring fries; its a great combo. I still havent tried their burgers; but my husband really likes them. Their custard is really good as well. And for those who are wary of trying it because its called custard; relax its just ice cream. Its a little bit thicker and richer than traditional soft serve; but it is go-od. They also have a variety of toppings to choose from; so trust me youll never know the difference.
Went here for my birthday.  From the moment we walked in; I wasn't all that impressed.  Sure the decor and ambiance  is nice; but I think this is a place where people go to be seen.  The tables are so close together that people kept bumping into my husband's chair as they walked by and when I was getting into my seat; my butt was pretty much on the table next to us.  The sushi was nothing to brag about and the rolls kept falling apart.  My husband had finished his beer well before we finished our meal and the server never asked him if he wanted another beverage.  Won't be back.
Beer; wine; and liquor...one stop shopping! Love! Oh; they also have gifts for the wine and beer lover; and yummy gourmet snacks.  Wine tasting on certain days.
Great ambience; excellent service. Food is OK; not great; not amazing; but ok. Very accomodating to substitutions on the menu. The beer menu is not very extensive and our bill was more expensive than I would like for a neighborhood chinese restaurant.
Excellent bartenders; service; and live dj.
Been to pacific a few times and have good experiences here. Nothing too fancy but very clean and tasty food for a buffet. I've come for lunch and dinner several times. The last time I came was for lunch and was a very good deal; 20% off from 2-4; and had a great lunch! Bonus that there is a sushi chef that will take orders if you ask Nicely and a Mongolian grill too. Sushi wasn't bad; but they do use cheap Imitation crab meat; but the fish on it is actually good. I always order Rainbow and caterpillar roll both are tasty. Not 5 star on sushi but I'm thinking a solid 3. I've had better and I've had worse. But great for a seafood buffet!!Anyways from what I remember for dinner they have snow crab legs and a bit more fish. I had such a good lunch I will probably be back for lunch only for now on.
Really; really poor service.  Luckily; the busboy was awesome and added an extra star.  Good food; but overshadowed by our terrible waitress.
Great service- been here twice and it's been great each time. CLEAN- I love that about T&J's- no sticky tables! I get chicken with pineapple; awesome! Egg drop soup is fantastic and the sweet and sour sauce is delightful!
I ordered over the phone from New York.  Great customer service; very helpful; friendly and a nice fruit basket that was thoughtfully made and delivered. Very Happy!!!!
Trader Joe's is one of those grocery stores that have a variety of difference foods that you can choose from.   I like shopping at Trader Joe's because the grocery store is small and the prices are great. They have the best spaghetti sauce too.  I only buy my spaghetti sauce at Trader Joe's.  The staff is great and there is never a line when I'm checking out.
I stayed at this property while visiting relatives a couple of years ago. This is a full service Hilton in Chandler. It is a very clean and well maintained newer property near the Chandler Fashion Center and only less than twenty minutes from Phoenix Intl Airport. The rooms are clean; the staff is courteous.  The hotel has a restaurant; bar; and a Starbucks/gift shop. I visited the bar a couple of nights there and the bartender was great-- served up yummy margaritas.I also recommend this hotel for business travelers.
Seriously unfair how good the tortillas are from Carolinas. Shit gets REAL at lunch time; prepare for long lines; crazy parking; and making new friends at the random seat you may find. We used to order ahead and pick up during my office days in the Valley. Machaca is solid; bean and cheese burro is up to par; and god help me I would hurt someone for the green chile right now. Weird location; but don't be afraid white people. It's soo delicious.
Very good lunch buffet. All vegetarian.
Amazing! Try the lemongrass eggplant dish. Everything I've had here has been exquisite.
it's christmas and time again for a visit to Arizona's gaudiest and most charming decorated bar. there was an enormous crowd this night; but we squeezed our way through to the back bar and waited about 3 minutes for the bartender to take our drink order. for a gin on the rocks; a blue moon; and a vodka cranberry; tab was 11 bucks (cheeeeeeep!). the lights are amazing and if there were fewer people; i would've been more than happy to just stare at just how many lights and how much stuff is stapled to the celings; walls; and trees. a big party of power drinkers was nearby; and getting kinda rowdy with another group of power drinkers. we sensed that fact; and since i am a little dude; we made our way out of the bar area before finishing our drinks. the door men and bartenders have always been friendly to us. if we drank more frequently; coach house is so fun; we would come here more regularly.
The park is huge.  The other dogs are fun and my girls always enjoy coming here when we are visiting the family in East Mesa.  Wish they had dog parks like this in SoCA.  Solid 4.5 stars.
DO NOT GO HERE.  Even if you've suddenly developed airport standards; you can do better. Walk down toward gate C17; you'll find three better places right away. The service here is slow; the margaritas are ALL mix and the food is bland and a complete waste of your money.  According to a couple other yelpers; the food here has been compared to fast food. I--a complete stranger whom you should trust because I'm taking the time out if my life to tell you; a stranger; this info--am telling you it is much worse than fast food. I've experienced much more pleasure from fast food. It has flavor and doesn't cost what you make per hour. This place was better a couple years ago. Perhaps they have new management. Who cares. Take your biz on down the line.
I visited Drybar today for the first time and left a (wanna-be) regular. Heather was my stylist and helped me decide on a Cosmo-tai...lots of loose; large curls and volume for my normally straight hair. By the time her work was done she turned me around and I went straight to hair heaven! It was seriously the hair I've dreamed of having. My husband commented it was the best my hair has ever looked and my friends were also in awe. Drybar offers memberships which I would gladly purchase if it weren't for the fact that I'm moving to Denver in two weeks. Sadly; there are no locations there but I'll be back to this location whenever I'm in town!
I ordered the personal pizza with onion; garlic and basil. The onion and garlic were both raw. The pizza lacked cheese and sauce. Two days later and I still taste garlic.Will not return.
Great service; amazing pizza and save room for the Chocolate Calzone! So happy to have great pizza in North Scottsdale! This former east cast gal has found her new Pizza Joint with a nice ambiance to boot. So glad this close to home spot re-opened with better pizza; better service and super happy hour!
Oh! My! Gosh! This is the best place ever for dogs! Connie is SO nice. She sends pictures of your happy dogs. She's flexible; she's affordable; she's so personable. When we leave our small farm of animals behind; we want to know they are loved. With Connie; that has never been a worry. I know my dogs like going to her. I don't want to recommend her to too many people because I'm afraid she will run out of space for us! Thank you Connie!
Our property management team has pegged Ryan and Arizona Rapid Maintenance Services as a preferred vendor.  We have had a working business relationship with ARMS since 2010 and have utilized Ryan and his team for countless services.  Response time is stellar; professionalism is top notch; invoicing is easy to read and timely.  You can count on affordable and reasonable quotes for services and reliable workmanship from Arizona Rapid Maintenance Services.
5th and Wine was recommended to me when I was searching for a place to hold our work holiday party. I read the Yelp reviews and decided it would be the perfect location. We had our party last Thursday. We had a party of 13 and I requested a table on the patio. The weather was perfect and they had the table all ready for us.  Our waitress was Nadine; she was awesome; she made sure we had everything we needed and was very attentive. There was live music on the patio shortly after we got there and they were great.Some of us got there shortly before 6:00 and were able to take advantage of the great happy hour specials. Most of their wines being $5 per glass or $20 per bottle. I also bought another glass of wine at the full price of $10; but was able to get $2 off through Yelp when I checked in.Some of the food was awesome; including the seasoned sweet potato fries; but other parts were disappointing. I got the portobello burger and the portobello mushroom was rather small. My husband got the prime rib special and the piece of meat was large and delicious; but the vegetables that came with it were almost non-existent.I would definitely recommend this restaurant; the positives far out weighed the negatives.
I was looking for a light healthy meal after cheating last night. I found Desert Roots on Yelp and decided to try something new. I ordered the plate which was 3 choices for $8.50. I got the chana masala; dolmades; and pasta salad. All dishes were very good and flavorful; along with being Vegan so I didn't have to worry about dietary issues. The portion size was very generous; a very good value for the money. They also offer samples that you can try; before deciding on what to order. I would definitely come back.
Ate here today before heading back home to Columbus. I cannot say enough good things about the service; food; and atmosphere. We ordered the deviled eggs for an appetizer. They were quite tasty and very well presented. I ordered the short rib tacos which were amazing along with the homemade tortillas. We finished lunch with gingerbread gelato and sea salt chocolate chip cookies. I would come back again when in town; and would definitely recommend it to anyone in or around the Phoenix area.
Great employees; great prices !
This place is just ok...nothing to write home about. Service was awful. Food was average. Atmosphere was ok; but the Bar looked pretty lively. I think its really 2.5 stars but its not available. I would recommend happy hour only for this spot.
We discovered this place after a weary trip to Spencer's in the same complex. Talk about a pick me up for a tired toddler & mommy and daddy!  My son LOVED this froyo. He kept signing more more more it was hilarious :) we loved that you can get pretty healthy froyo loaded with fresh fruit and be refreshed. We have come back a few times. We love this place :)
I've visited this location twice now.  My first experience was less than stellar; but the Dry Bar more than made up for it.  Great customer service.  My hair has always looked fantastic after my blow drys.  On New Year's Eve; Anthony was my stylist.  He is super friendly and a great stylist.  I will be back next weekend for the HBO promo!
I love the calamari!
Despite my reservations about their thin crust; Oregano's really is a great Italian restaurant.  Took my girlfriend there the other day; and at the end she asked/accused Why have you never taken me here before!?!  Needless to say she liked it.  She loved the food; liked that they didn't hesitate when she special ordered her Rigatoni with a different sauce; she liked the atmosphere; the mixed drink was potent; my lasagna was very good and we loved the side of meatballs we both ordered.We might just be back for drinks and meatballs sometime . . .
Never been to a Sonic..first time I fell in love with the New York hot dog. But the second visit the dog was soggy and bread stale. Hmmm...take your chances I guess.
Best coffee flavored ice-cream I've ever had. I had the Vietnamese coffee ice cream on the pretzel cone. The saltiness of the pretzel cone mixed with the sweet coffee ice cream was amazing! It was hard to get a bite with ice cream and cone though.
It's so difficult to find a good fish fry place in Phoenix but I think this is pretty good. I had the catfish and shrimp combo with fries. At first bite I was surprised at how great it was. Not bland at all like another nearby place. The shrimp was butterfly and the breading on both the catfish and the shrimp was really good....not too much and not too little. I think if you're looking for a place with good fried fish; you definitely need to check it out!!
Great little place for a good breakfast!  All served fresh and hot by a friendly staff.
My favorite coffee shop in dwn twn phx. Their coffee isn't bitter nor burnt. For those that are a little hungry; the cookies cannot be beat. The sandwhiches are also AHMAZING. For those of you that are not coffee drinkers; I highly recommend the Raspberry Italian Soda = addicted! With all the goodness that comes from this coffee shop; I do have to say; the customer service by far is the best from any coffee shop I frequent. They are friendly and really try to get to know their customers.
The food at Zinc Bistro is absolutely fantastic! I went yesterday for the first time and had the curry chicken sandwich and bites of my family members meals. Everything was great. The reason I'm giving Zinc Bistro three stars instead of five is  because the service was horrendous. After looking around; it seemed that it just might have been our waitress as the people around us didn't seem to be getting great service either. Everything was fine until our food arrived. When it did; I asked for another glass of water and my sister asked for some french fries. Neither came until the end of our meal. We would have asked again; but our waitress didn't come see if we needed anything and it seemed nearly impossible to flag her down. When the fries and water finally came; the waitress put the rim of the pitcher right onto the middle of the glass where my mouth had been! She continued to do this for the rest of my family! This pitcher serves the entire restaurant; it was definitely unsanitary. However; I again stress that it just seemed to be our particular waitress.
No complaints about our stay here. Stayed two nights.We booked with Travelocity and were able to bring our dog with us at no additional charge--unheard of among hotels and we were so glad for that.Room was clean and recently renovated; bed plenty comfortable. Everything worked fine. The price was awesome; too.Super quiet location; too. We didn't get woken up by any noise; but the second night; just to be safe; we left the bathroom fan on all night (it makes just the right amount of background noise).The lady working the desk at night was an absolute SWEETHEART; too. She remembered my name and was super warm and friendly; besides being very professional.Great stay. For the price; location; and pet-friendliness; I'll be staying here again next time I visit Tempe.
Made reservations through Opentable on 12/22 for reservations at 8:15 pm at Prado on 12/31/12 for a New Years and my birthday celebration.  Called Prado the next day to confirm just to be sure.  On the day of the reservation; hostess called me and left a msg to see if we were doing New Years Eve menu or not.  Upon calling back; we were notified that there were no 8:15 spots like we had booked and there was only seating at 6 or 9 and only a New years eve menu was to be offered at either $90 (at 6pm) or $150 (at 9 pm) per person.  This was quite inconvenient especially since I am a vegetarian and was counting on being able to order from the regular dinner menu.  Manager had no suitable solutions to offer us and we cancelled.  Extremely disappointed in opentable and Prado.  WIll not dine here in the future and will unrecommend to others.
On my last trip to Arizona; I noticed there was a Grimaldi's in the area.  Of course; I was doing very important research and had to check it out to see if was up to par with the one in Vegas.  The service was friendly and very accommodating.  Our waitress was very attentive and prompt with our every request.  Refills were abundant and as usual; the pizza was amazing.I ordered my favorite combination:  Italian sausage; ricotta cheese; and fresh basil (after cooking).  The pizza was every bit as good as I remembered it in Vegas.  There was nothing missing; not even a hint of imperfection.  Damn; I love this pizza.  Sure; it's a bit pricey.  But to me; you just can't put a price on delicious pizza.  Grimaldi's has pizza down to a science.The waitress also hinted that a California location was a possibility.  I sure hope so!  CA people are missing out!!
As the name implies; it's an eatery that specialized in tacos and wide variety of salsas.  Among 5 of us; three ordered tacos and were pleased with the food; and two persons ordered the Quesa: La Condesa Mahi Mahi and Sonora Arrachera Quesa.  The quesa is like a jumbo empanada  made with corn flour dough then deep fried. We ordered it at the waitress recommendation.  I'm sure the soft corn flour dough makes it very hard to stay together during the frying process however the creation is way too doughy and heavy; with little filling. Nobody ordered burritos. If we come back again; I'd definitely recommend my friends/family to stay with the tacos.
Oink! Oink!  While it isn't the largest selection of items I've seen - the presentation is really nice.  They have smaller stations set apart for the salads; desserts; breads/muffins; soups; and drinks -- so you don't have the big line-up going on.  If you are a little piggy like me with multiple trips; this is efficient!The server/attendent was hilarious (didn't catch his name; bad Yelper...whack on my hand).  He made lots of jokes as he drove a big cart on wheels Mexican driver coming thru; a second cart a few mins later Another cart coming thru; same mexican driver.  Had the whole section in stitches!  Later; when speaking to him at my table; I found him to be a very pleasant and kind man...with a super positive attitude (I mean; who is this happy?).Located in the lovely and central Desert Ridge shopping center; the food is really kept fresh.  This location has a slightly different design than others; a warehouse open-style; with glass and framing inside; and very tall ceilings.  I like it!  Good; especially; if you are claustrophobic...as well as starvin' like Marvin.
What a cute little place to have breakfast! I just recently attended a bridal shower brunch here and it was so cute!  The food was super tasty; I had the creamy corn porridge with maple glazed sausage and cinnamon sugar roasted apples. I took a chance on it; it sounded like it had a 50/50 chance of being either really good or really heinous! And boy was I glad when it came out and was soooo good! This place could be 5 stars if the staff wasn't so lax and a little more attentive. This was the whole table (8 ladies) first time coming to this place; we were not instructed that drinks were self serves for the basics (water; coffee; juice) we had to figure that out on our own; and no one at our table was asked if they would like a mimosa or any other drink other then the self serve stuff. I do look forward to going back!
First time taking my yorkie here very friendly and  reasonable loved her haircut
While visiting Lee's last night for a post dinner sweet treat; I discovered that they provide free toppings and cones! The topping options are heath bar crunch and other chocolatey treats and the waffles are waffle cone squares that provide the perfect crunch to the Jack Daniels chocolate! Meow that's what I call a sweet find!
Waited for 40 minutes to be seated after being told the wait would be 15 minutes. The waitress was slow and unresponsive once we finally got a table. After waiting almost 2 hours for my meal I was told that someone else had stolen it. The manager was apologetic but I will never be back.
On my first trip here I thought a gift shop had a small kitchen in it; this place is 50% eat and 50% gift shop. The food is just some down south home food and the inside of it makes you feel right at home. The staff is very helpful and the few times I have been there the food has been good all times. I dont come here that often but I do when I feel the need to skip fast food and have a meal for a change while I am at work. Makes this an option not a regular spot and you will be happy just like me :D
Went a couple months back on a Sunday evening while on business in the PHX area and thoroughly enjoyed my experience. Decided to go to Baratin based on the online menu but stuck with my decision when I showed up and saw something different in-store.Glad I did. Small; cozy place with attentive service and great; reasonably-priced farm-to-table fare. I don't even normally like meatloaf; and the meatloaf sandwich I had at Baratin was grade-A stuff. Sat at the makeshift mini-bar type thing and ended up enjoying a conversation with the man manning the kitchen. Butterscotch pudding was superb; and the local canned beer I had wasn't bad; either.Baratin seems like it'd be the perfect place to drop in once every couple months with a significant other.
Always solid. The new slider apps are phenomenal. Rack of lamb is pure money. Pair with a glass of the Bordeaux and you're enjoying life. Best risotto in town by far. Waitress is really helpful. Call for reservations to be safe.
really REALLY enjoyed this place. We got the smoked salmon for a starter; I got the shrimp and grits and the wife got a salad. Ended on key lime pie. Every bite was perfect and the quality was top notch. THANK YOU FOR BEING SO AWESOME!
Bring more Pappas restaurants here! Being displaced Houstonians (where Pappa's corporate office is based); we were so happy to see that our new home had a Pappadeaux within driving distance. The food is not as good as it is back home; but much better than anything else Phoenix has to offer. I love it all. The flavored teas/lemonades; sourdough bread; soft butter; seafood; etc.
I went here for lunch today and I definitely liked what I saw/experienced.  It's a very cute place; with great customer service. The people were so nice!  I ordered the BLT; which comes on toasted challah bread; with waffle fries on the side. Yum!  My girlfriend had the sandwich special of the day; which was a chicken sandwich on marble rye; with sweet potato fries on the side.  She got hers on the toasted challah bread too; and she really enjoyed it!I definitely want to check out this place for happy hour!
This mall gives me the heebie jeebies. Weird; desolate pop-up stores; WAY too many kiosks with uncomfortable salespeople approaching you; dirty (DIRTY) bathrooms; dingy and dim...Done.
Horrible! I would score with no stars if there was such an option. This store ruined a $200+ silk shirt that is dry clean only.  This shirt has been dry cleaned once before (by a different dry cleaner) and was handled with care.  After the trip to D'elia's; the sleeves were totally ruined and tiny holes were punctured in the fabric.  (It looked as though it had been caught in a machine.)  After bringing the blouse to the store to report the issue; I received a letter in the mail from Anthony D'elia with an insert from the International Fabric Institute explaining why my fabric now looks the way that it does.  The note said I can pick up my damaged shirt at my D'elia's location.  Absolutely condescending.  The bottom line is that I brought in a shirt for cleaning and when I picked it up it was in a condition that was no longer wearable. As an aside; I mentioned this experience at my firm and one of colleagues chimed in that she used a different D'elia's location to have a designer evening gown cleaned following a black tie event and they damaged her gown as well.  She received a similar note.  What a joke.
I had my first visit to Fate Brewing Company yesterday and was really pleased with the experience. First; the atmosphere is bright; clean; and inviting.  It is relatively small; but I like the intimate feel. The beers were very good and the happy hour prices are fantastic. I also had one of their wood-fired pizzas and thought it was excellent...maybe not Grimaldi's level; but very good.  Last but not least; the wait staff was very attentive and accomodating and you got the sense that they enjoy working at Fate. It had a close knit feel that I really liked.
First time there today. All the people working were very helpful & friendly. Burgers were really great; as were the fries. At least 4 people working there; including the chef; came to see that everything was up to par! Good work; guys! We'll be back! I have now been smashed!
The meal was amazing; a salad and an entree was perfect for two. Highly recommend the pork t-bone and the gin and tonics (note the plural). The ambiance and service were spectacular. This place is a breath of fresh air.
Nice experience eating on the patio with the bowl game getting ready to go down the street.The service was fast; the staff friendly and efficient; and the place clean.However; it's just another cookie cutter restaurant with a few (not outstanding) house draft beers. Over priced food with large portions. Nothing special.
Wife and I have been on three different lake boat cruise! The Desert Belle in Saguaro Lake is the best one so far!!! Some times we just need to get away; and enjoy! This is a 90 min cruise; and has some of the most beautiful scenery around! Learned a lot on this cruise; about the history and about the volcanic rocks near by. Boat holds about 147 people; 47 inside! Has a snack bar; not food!! But you can purchase food at the restaurant and bring on board!!! Snack bar is more of a bar!! lol. Has a lot of booze; with snacks. Does have water and soda! This something I am really thinking about coming back for a dinner cruise?  Over all we had a great time!
Based on other Yelpers positive feedback we tried Serrano's for lunch wand high expectations; but were sadly underwhelmed. The food was OK; as was the service and décor but we'd wished we'd gone to Abuelo's instead. The details:Food. Chips; salsa and bean dip appeared on the table virtually as we sat down. The chips were fresh and not too thick. The salsa was OK: it was fresh; but had a flavor (Mexican oregano perhaps?) that we did not care much for. The bean dip was not good - maybe we hit them on a bad day? The wife's cheese enchilada was good; but nothing special - same for my green pork enchilada-style burrito (both were $7.00). Two cold Dos Equis Ambers ($3.00) were the highlight of the meal!Service. The guy delivering the chips and salsa was really on his game; and a manager stopped by to ask how things were. Our waitress was OK. Everyone was friendly and appeared to be trying hard.Décor/Ambience. Not bad; but could use some updating.
I just really want to love this place.  It's near my house; cute; with neat stuff in the store and a hip urban vibe badly lacking in this part of town.  But I have gone there probably two dozen times in the last two years and each time I leave in a bad mood because of the horribly disorganized service.  I honestly can't understand how the cashiers can be so distracted; unless having ADHD is part of the requirement to get hired here.  And as for other commenters who have found the staff friendly; I have not really noticed that.  They aren't unfriendly; but they are in my opinion; much too spacy to really be friendly in any meaningful way.
When in vacation I always stop at Chompies since Tacoma WA has no deli to speak of.  I re-read some of the reviews... yes the carpet needs to be changed as it is worn but it is clean... Except for Xmas day; the service is very good and the portions are above average.... The pastrami tends to be a little fatty but take an extra simvastin for your cholesterol... the whie fish and lox is excellent and I can load up on Dr. Brown's celray tonic.  all in all I enjoy the deli and have for years....
The Madison Improvement club...WOW! This is a studio filled with incredibly friendly and enthusiastic people. From the welcoming front desks ladies to the knowledgeable instructors. I was a member of At One Yoga and now since the merge; a member at LifePower Yoga. Alex Austin; Anton Mackey; John Sallisbury and Jenn Chiarelli have made me LOVE yoga. I was absolutely devastated when Alex left LifePower. Thus I felt obligated to try out MIC!Boy was I glad I did! Not only is this location far more convenient from where I live; I love that they also offer spin classes which I have heard are nothing short of amazing. The class sizes are still rather small but in a way I prefer that; far more help from the instructors. Oh and I cannot forget to mention the SEEDS cafe!! So delicious!! I even make some of their concoctions at home now because they are so darn good. My only complaint - one that is holding me back from cancelling my membership at LifePower- is the price. I pay $100/month at lifepower and it comes with a whole gym; great locker rooms; unlimited yoga with fabulous instructors (John; Jen AND Anton still!) and access to LifeTimes all over the country. For the whopping price of $160/month I would be able to get the unlimited classes at MIC. If I could get a price match it would be way easier for me to give up the extras at LifePower and go to MIC because Alex Austin and the cafe are that wonderful. Until then I will just have to pop in occasionally!
My niece just got a job here so my family decided to go check it out and WOW; we were impressed! We tried the antipasti appetizer and it was so delicious! Goat cheese wrapped in prosciutto; salami; manchego and bread. Pesto; olive tepanade and mustard to dip. So good. Then we shared a few pizzas. Brussel prout and proscuitto; a margherita and pulled pork and serrano pepper. They were all fabulous!! Our service (Gwen) was great  and we really loved this place. Everyone seemed to genuinely enjoy working here which made for a nice overall experience;
I just can't even believe you took a perfectly respectable concept like gourmet nachos and threw it all away.  What did a nacho ever do to you?  Will I come back here?  Bring back the melted cheese goodness and then maybe.  Who wants a late night bowl o soup?  Tsk tsk.
DO NOT GO THERE...GO TO TO AN ER OR THE URGENT CARE JUST 3 BLOCKS NORTH of them.  The actual MD's are OK for basic stuff but are questionable on other things.  Their OFFICE STAFF ARE RUDE AS HECK!!!  Not helpful; really pushy; and think their XSHTX doesn't stink because they are on power trips.  Do not give these guys any of your hard earned $$$ unless you are in a super bindIf you are the owner of this practice; please fire all of your office staff in Gilbert and you may make it in business before you guys lose all your customers.  Hire some people that care about children and the parents that are working so hard to make the kids comfortable while we wait for up to 2 hours sometimes. your office staff don't care about the children and give parents a hard time.
Course was in great shape and is reasonably priced for a TPC course. This is a fun course to play but is very tight! Great location right at the Marriott in Scottsdale and is convenient to get to from most places.The people were friendly except for one guy in the pro shop. Interestingly the 18th hole is the only one where there were some quality issues as the fairway and green were not in as good of shape as the rest of the course.All in all though; I would definitely return.
When I used to work in downtown Phoenix; I would sometimes make the drive out to 44th and Indian School just to get me some fish tacos. The staff is pretty friendly here; it's a large space with a great patio; and clean! While I have a wealth of Mexican to choose from in AZ; I really do love Rubios; chain or not. I've been going to them all over the Valley since they first started opening. Solid menu; cheap; and satisfying. Love their salsa bar. $1.50 fish tacos; burros under $5; mmmmmm.
Great lunch spot. If you are hungry they are your place. Service is terrific. Not the cheapest sandwich; but you get what you pay for.
I don't know if it's worth wasting my very first ever 1 star review on US Airways; but I feel pretty slighted!  It's been two months and I'm still compelled.  ;)I bought a 2 leg itinerary with US Airways operating the first leg through their Star Alliance.  My flight was delayed by an hour and late into Denver.  The connecting flight to Vancouver on United was two terminals away and I had no boarding pass yet (can't print boarding passes for connecting flights on a different airline; so I hear).  Needless to say; I was unable to make the connecting flight and needed to reschedule.  The folks at United got me rescheduled for the next morning but referred me to the US Airways desk to see about my hotel since US Airways' flight into Denver was late.I'm still agitated that the CSR at the desk was on the phone for about 30-45 minutes checking on a hotel for me and then came back to inform me that they wouldn't be providing any accommodations since I had a 10 minute window to run through 2 terminals about 1/2 mile with my luggage to the United gate.  The 1/2 mile luggage run through 2 terminals wasn't part of my Crossfit routine and I'm out $80 for my own hotel room.I give you one star; and may God have mercy on your souls.
My wife and I met our two friends for at Maizie's for a Sunday brunch.  We were happy to see they were open right at 10AM.  We sat at a table on the outside patio with a covered umbrella which was perfect for a late November morning.  The service was friendly; and the prices were quite reasonable especially the $3 mimosas.  The portions were large; and the quality was excellent.  Everyone was quite pleased with their meals.  We were all over stuffed.  I particularly recommend the breakfast pizza --  delicious!  As an added bonus; they offered the locally made Madison's hot sauce which is an incredible rarity.  It also looks like they have a nice wine bar inside; but we will definitely be back for a future brunch.
The worst service ever when people in line are waiting to be seated they help other people they do not believe in first come first serve.  The servers are very terrible they have a white kid who thinks he is the boss and bosses and Arabic server and tells him what to do.
This place was deilcious! I went there today with my boyfriend and we both loved it. He got a bacon cheeseburger Rocket Style and he let me have some. The burger was cooked perfectly and the toppings were fresh (I especially loved the crispy bacon). I got a cali sandwich but ended up being so full from the bites I stole off my boyfriend's burger that I didn't finish it. Next time I think I will just get my own burger . I say get a burger Rocket Style and you will never want a normal burger again!Also make sure you give your self some time to pick what soda you want because there are a ton of choices! I don't think of this as a negative factor (as some reviewers did); I think it makes this burger joint unique!
Nice to find a cool younger crowd outside of Tempe which is refreshing for a lot of places in Phx; pretty casual and hipper atmosphere which we appreciated.  Sat our party of four relatively quickly on a Saturday night though we did have reservations.  Drinks came at a standard pace and the soup we all shared initially was decent though a little thick and cheaper meat in terms of the chicken.  Entrees were a little slow to come out but not bad for a Friday night when the place was packed.  I had left it up to the waitress as to my personal order as she seemed quite knowledgeable.  Just wanted 'light and spicy.'  I eat everything so not a tall order.  Others in the group were easy as well and ordered a few specials off the menu.  My entree was an incredibly oily dish with minimal spice and some 'light' lettuce pieces on the side. Very cheap cuts of chicken; relying on oil and grease for flavor.  Everyone else also got an oily basic Americanized perversion of Thai food as well.  Totally basic and without any sort of creativity.  If you like the subpar stuff they serve at PF Chang's you won't be disappointed.  If you have ever been to a solid true Thai restaurant anywhere else in the country that isn't chain-affiliated; stay home.  I have sent maybe 5 plates back in my adult life.  I sent this back and the waitress just took it and walked off.  No 'hey would you like something else' or 'perhaps I can get the chef to come out and recommend another dish?' Nothing.  Just left and took it off the bill.  Phoenicians we need to demand better.  Our restaurants are just abysmal in terms of food in comparison to every major metropolitan area of comparable size.  If you have lived in or visited any of these areas you know what I mean. Love Phx but this is just another hyped up average girl next door.
I heard that Hamburger Haven was under new management so I decided to give it a try with my co-worker. The first thing I noticed was the painted seascape was gone and instead was a nicely painted restaurant. The friendly guy behind the counter told me they are in the process of doing some remodeling and the booths and menu would be next. Both my co-worker and I ordered the bacon cheeseburger (however; unlike the name; there are many other sandwich and salad choices).  We both made it a combo with fries. The guy told me that they are using the technique of smashing the burgers on the grill to sear in the juices.  Shortly later; our orders came out hot and delicious! The burger was juicy and had great flavor. I ordered mine with caramelized onions- yummy! The fries were good; too; but the star of the mean was the burger! It was a great value; too! I will definitely be back soon!
Had dinner here with a couple of coworkers here tonight.  We are not from the area and got a tip from a local to check this place out.   A little disappointed they didn't have sautéed mushrooms for the ribeye steak.   Two of us had the ribs which were a 6 out of 10.   The best part if the meal was our delightful server; Brittany.   She said she usually works the bar but tonight we had the pleasure of having her as our server.  Very nice; fun; funny girl who made the whole experience.   I'll give the service a 5 out of 5.
Eastwind sushi is pretty ok. It's not the best sushi in the Valley by any means; but it'll do a good lunch for you. If you're going to sit at the bar and get plates (only $2/each which rocks); sit near the cooks - you'll get first dibs on everything that comes out. Sitting near the front door creates a more pleasing a friendly atmosphere for big groups; but sometimes the fresh plates don't make it to you before it's picked over! Still; if you ask the waitress or waiter to make something specific for you; they'll make a bunch of them and then you're sure to get what you want! Only downside here is it takes quite a while for drinks to arrive; and then you usually have to ask for you check - tip: ask for your check 5-10 minutes before you actually want/need to leave.
Mexican food is comfort food to us and that is exactly what we have experienced at TQLA.We have visited TQLA 4 times and at this point must share with you how wonderful (and not so) wonderful dishes we have had.  Front of the house service has always been exceptional.  Clean kitchen and bathrooms (necessary that I check this out before dining).Always start with an Original Frozen Margarita; devour chips served with their outstanding tomatillo and warm fire roasted red salsa; then move on to a little bowl of Queso Blanco...this is not the Velvetta deal....it is the real deal with Mexican cheeses.Fajitas Famosa (chicken)...The Best Fajitas in Town!  $16.00 for one (little steep) or $23.00 for two...a good deal!  Plenty of meat; sides and tortillas.  Little side of chipotle butter adds a different twist to fajitas.Appetizers~Spicy Crab Cakes were below average.  Not crispy and on the fishy side...would not order again.  On the other hand; the chicken quesadillas were much better than we have had in quite some time...the difference...they were not greasy and were actually filled with a substantial amount of grilled chicken.Today...had a lunch combo special...one enchilada and one chalupa with beans and rice...very satisfying.TQLA knows how to properly build layers of flavors that are authentic Mexican!
Man what can i say about short leash dogs other than simply amazing . . . now that i think about it that pretty much sums up short leash. The first time i had their dogs was at my graduation party; my parents said that their hot dogs were absolutely amazing and they weren't wrong.
Came here for dinner with friends recently.  We had to sit outside in winter weather due to it being busy -- heating lamps don't quite cut it.  Had the pretzels with fondue which was OK (cheese was not that warm).  Had a salad which was good.  I like the ambience of the interior.
Get your fro-yo ;jetson style ...I have passed by this place so many times while shopping ;i just never felt inclined to try it out .My daughter in law ate Yogurtology  fro-yo almost daily when they lived in Florida ;so she was pulling us to go by our sleeves the whole while she hard sold us on just how amazing this was going to be ..and that it would be traaagic  to be a fro -yo snob and pass this place up ;i kept balking at the idea ..she switched to speaking rapid fire spanish ( she's cuban) and slapping her leg and waiving her hand ..lmao..i caved ...BUENO ....Damn good yogurt ... smooth ;creamy and rich with flavor ( lot's of flaves to choose from)Pomegranate raspberry ...oh my ;i was in a swoon over this fro-yo. i didn't bother with any toppings -there are plenty to chose from .Everybody else had theirs jacked to the max with candy ..ha;ha ! Ya; okay ..i'm a fan !Pretty cool self -serve idea ...yet doesn't taste self serve ;Tastes amazing !I don't go to the mall much -but when i do ;I am certainly going to treat myself to this fro-yo yum.
I love this coffee shop. I haven't tried the food yet but I can vouch for the coffee; the ambiance; and the music selection. If the food is decent; they'll definitely get a star upgrade.
This place is sweat-tastic! Just what you need on a weekend after a night out.  Lots of classes and times and a great staff.  They keep it challenging and fun!
ABOUT TO CLOSE.This store is in the midst of a going-out-of-business sale. As of today; more than half the store is cleared of merchandise; and what's left is marked down 33% to 50%; depending on the department. Clerks were discussing 75% markdowns starting next week but were not sure when next week started.This was always kind of a meh store compared to Desert Ridge; and I suspect the shiny new Hobby Lobby in the same plaza killed it. Too bad -- I liked having Hobby Lobby; Michaels; and Joann all in one spot.
Cupcakes so good you wouldn't know they were vegan. The owner was really nice too!
Cool concept!
This is our third time trying this place.  We keep going back because all our friends love this place; but have never once had good service and this time even the food was off.  Our appetizer (crab stuffed mushrooms) arrived barely warm; undercooked; and was literally tossed onto the table by a back waiter.  My steak was blood rare; not the medium rare I ordered.  The lobster tail my husband had was broiled to a crisp; I could actually hear him chewing it from across the table; and that is a very loud restaurant.  And at one point during the meal; management came over to set up the table next to us and were beyond obnoxious.  If you've ever sat at one of the banquette tables; you know how little room there is.  I had an employee bent over the table next to us with her butt literally in my face for about five minutes as she adjusted napkins and glasses and silverware.  And then she shone a light on the glassware; I guess to make sure there were no liptstick smudges; and every piece of glassware was streaked and smudged and etched with scum.  As soon as the light clicked off; it looked beautiful so those lights are dim for a reason.  We went for a special occasion; we will never go back.  For what they charge; the whole experience was an outrage.
My boyfriend and I went to Oregano's in Old Town ; Scottsdale on Tuesday at around 4:30. We were told there would be a 5 to 10 minute wait. We walked in and there were several tables that were available in the bar area. The waiter told us we need the hostess to sit us in the bar area. So in about 10 minutes she finally seated us at the table we were sitting at anyway. Then our waiter finally came back stating his was not our waiter but will be taking our drink order; we just ordered water. We order a salad we were thinking of splitting the large and ask the waiter; he stated that the salad was large enough to feed all three of us  which included him.  He then staed we should just orde two small dinner salads which would have been around 6. 50 so we opted for the large sald for 5.99. It was good and fresh and the Chipolte dressing was good and spicy. The pizza took over 45 mins thin crust we ordered half Lawrence and half Número Ono it came out Luke warm; the crust was paper thin and burnt black on the edges and skimpy toppings. My boyfriend said his side had good flavor; but I could not taste much of anything; the fresh Parmesan was a good touch. When we inquired about the pizza crust being burnt the waitress stated that it was our fault for ordering 2 different sides on the pizza; never had a problem like this at other places Grazies; or Grimaldi 's. We thought that she was rude and full of herself; we also noticed that the music was so loud we had a hard time hearing ourselves. Oregano's use to be my favorite place ; but the last few times I have been there food ; service is not very good; I think oregano's need to focus on good customer service and food quality control. I doubt we will be back; Grazies is still number one on our list; great food and service.
I came in here for a quick bite the other day. The food is good; but the prices are just too ridiculous. A cup of vegan lentil soup is $7. That's just crazy. The entire bowl probably cost a little bit of change to make; and the bowl size was small and not even filled completely. As much as I like the food; and even though I have the money; I just can't justify spending $7 on a small portion of lentil soup. It didn't even come with a piece of bread or some other like carb. I finished it in less than 5 minutes.Whatevs.I could understand if it was mind blowing food; but I can cook food that is comparable.
Let me start off by saying that this is by far the best vet that I have ever taken my dog to.  First of all; I have a Pitbull and she is the most amazing dog ever.  I know some people have these opinions that they are a dangerous breed and they shouldn't be allowed; but these people have clearly never met my Akuma.  With that said; let me get back to my point.  The staff at Prestige treated Akuma with all the care that you would expect from someone that is treating a family member.  I had to take Akuma in to get spayed as well as have her tail docked; before you judge me on the tail docking; you must know that she had a severe case of Happy Tail Syndrome and constantly broke it open when she got excited so I was afraid of infection. I cannot even begin to convey the love that these people have for their patients.  From the first phone call when I spoke with Pamela to schedule the appointment to when I met the vet tech Heather it was a wonderful experience.  These ladies are wonderful and Akuma fell in love with them.  Then I met Dr. Alber and the experience got even better.  He exemplifies what a vet should be.  He has a no BS approach to things and I appreciated that.  He didn't judge me for my choice in pets and was very supportive of what I needed to have done.  He did not try to sell me a bunch of crap that I know I didn't need.  I would recommend this place to anyone that has a sick animal or even if you just need a check up for your pet.  I was blown away by the service as well as the love that everyone in the office has for animals.
I lived within walking distance of Postino for 5 years - and it is still one of my favorite Arcadia neighborhood spots.  The wine list is always changing and is really well picked.  Their bruschetta boards are fantastic - I especially recommend the pistachio/date or the Prosciutto/fig.  Their salted caramel desert sunday is totally worth leaving room for!  This is a great place for a get together with friends or an intimate date night.  The service is always great and everyone who works there really knows their wine - so you can get advice from your server on which wines will meet your tastes each month when the new list comes out.  Brent's Picks are always a safe way to choose your wine also!  Love Love Love Postino!
Great place to buy heels ;clothing + accessories for drag queens. Also sexy mens wear. I love this place. I bought a pair of heels there about 2 weeks ago. I love it so so much.
Great place. We came here as a 9 top and they were able to sit us after 30-45 minutes (reasonable for no reservation in Old town on a Saturday night).  It can get a little crowded in the bar area up front.  The decor of this place is trendy/classy.  Looks like they took a bunch of props from Anthropologie and threw them in the restaurant and somehow managed to pull of a great rustic yet elegant look.  Go see for yourself!  There was also a live act playing that night - everything from Clapton to Christmas music and while it was great; sometimes it was hard to hear/talk over the music.  Service was great as well - our waitress was able to get us out the door in an hour and a half and that was with check splitting and multiple recurring drink orders!Now for the food... I was able to try the sliders; thai bbq ribs w/ mac n cheese; and the capicola ham flatbread.  All of it was delicious.  The meat just falls right off the bone on the ribs; and the sauce was fantastic.  Most things are in the 16 - 30 price range.  A+!
I wish I had tried this place earlier! It has quickly become my go-to place for pizza in the Valley. I really like Oregano's; but they are better known for their specialty pizzas and when I crave sausage pizza they aren't my number one choice. I've never actually eaten in-shop as I always pick it up and take it home; but they are prompt and I've never had to wait for it to finish. There is seriously something addicting in their sweet sauce; because you definitely start to crave it after a while. I wasn't quite sure the first time I had it; but I've quickly come to love the taste.I tend to go between the Mama's Signature; the Combo; and the Sausage and Peppo; but I've never had a bad pizza. Way better than the chains! I've found it even reheats better than most.
One of the best lunches I have had this year! Carne Asada Skewers; Roasted Corn Chowder; and the Smoked Pork Quesadilla. All three were exceptional and full of perfectly matched flavors.  I forgot to finalize this one and now this place is closed! So sad.
I LOVE Baskin Robbins but I can NOT understand THIS store CONSTANTLY being out of the staples like MINT CHIP!! On 3 separate occasions I've gone in and asked for MINT CHIP and on all occasions they are OUT!!?? Many many excuses from it didn't get delivered; to we forgot to order to we didn't realize we were out!! Either FIX the problem which is self inflicted or sell the franchise to someone who actually cares!! I'm done with this store even though it's right by me and will go to another Baskin Robbins.
Great haircut!  Great experience.  You just have to try it.  They spend more time massaging; oiling and relaxing you're scalp; face; neck an shoulders than the actual haircut itself... And it's great!
Yelpers; you just can't judge the taste of the food; if that were the case; this place would get 2 more stars. The problem is it is just too gritty to inspire confidence. Gritty exterior; gritty interior; gritty workers; gritty customers; gritty service. There is also the issue of space -- one inside table. And the menu -- almost useless as they had less than half of what was on there last time I was there. And the people -- the person at the counter yelling at someone in another room to stop playing the drums (loudly and poorly) multiple times; and the people just hanging out (not eating; drinking; or working; just meandering in and out of the place). No place to eat sans the single occupied table except outside; which is ugly and cold in December. The cook was doing some errand; so I was told there would be a small wait; which turned into an unreasonably long wait. On the bright side; the food is good; inexpensive; and vegan. The grit leads one to question the sanitary practices; and I just can't get past that.
Worst dry cleaner ever; signed up for yelp just for this review! The ruined my wedding dress!!! I needed to wear the dress again for an event ; we had a destination wedding. Went to pick up dress 3 weeks later still not done; went back the day I needed to wear it to find the garment back I dropped it off in missing; the corset string to hold my dress up missing; and the beautiful expensive dress was torn!!! Still haven't been able to speak to the manager. DO NOT GO HERE! Worst customer service and dry cleaner ever....should not be in business. Trust me I am not done with this matter....of all things to ruin my wedding dress!?!?
Always am waited on right away and the food comes out fast. This place is ALWAYS open; so I give them props. I even came here and ate at 5am when I couldnt sleep and the servers were not grumpy at all like at other places. Decent food; cute atmosphere. They sometimes show old movies on a projector screen in the parking lot and you can bring your dog if you eat outside.
Wow! We came here on Saturday afternoon. Just to look at everything and check it out. What a wonderful place in it's own way.It was packed; the parking lot was over flowing. I really did not understand why until we got inside. They had turned it into the best place ever for Children. This is the sort of place I wished they would of had when my children were young.They had had Breakfast with Santa that morning. The price was so reasonable.Children under 2 were free and all other children were only $5.99; Adults were $11.99; and they are having it again on the 22nd of December as well.After the wonderful Breakfast with Santa; you could line up and have your photo taken; then they had coloring stations and craft stations.It was decorated like a fabulous North Pole; Willy Wonka Movie set. At least I thought so!There was a wonderful Merry go Round with cool woodland animals on it. Free! Yes I know amazing Free Merry go round and it was a cool one as well.Lots of kid events going on all through out the store as well. Although this place is so huge; it is like a huge amusement park under a covered roof!Upstairs there was a shooting range for kids like the one at the old Rawhide;but it was nice and clean and had taxidermist animals all around.I love Animals ;but I know that hunting is a way of life for some people; so at least Children can see what the animals look like in there real setting here to a point.They have a giant fish tank filled with fish and a stream going through the store that has real fish swimming in it.Then they have a candy shop in side the big store and they were doing free Christmas crafts with the kids as well.They even have a huge restaurant that has a Salt water tank the size of the wall.It is like being in Vegas; at least to me.So if you want a reasonable Breakfast with Santa remember next Saturday the 22 of Dec.
I gave it one star only because I did not know how to give it zero or negative.Went in to get one specific item.  It took twenty minutes to find-out they were out of stock.  Had to talk to three different employees to get an answer.Store is understaffed; under inventoried and staffing is incredibly disorganized.  Got a lot of not my job from the employees and they did not seem to know who's job it is..  Apple - most of your customers consider their time valuable; if you don't figure that out soon your business is going to suffer mightily.
When they shy away from shots; I always tell my friends that it doesn't matter how they feel about tequila. It's just something you have to learn how to do as part of a successful; complete life. But with Canteen in the mix; even the wussiest drinkers can find something that works for them.Step your game up and get some MEZCAL. It's not sold at many bars; and my Del Maguey Crema had a sweet; smoky burn on the way down. Yum. I'll be back for the margaritas; and maybe even lunch some time. If Canteen were any more legit; you'd find a worm at the bottom of your glass.
This location is now Field Kitchen; and me and the hubby were very hesitant about staying. After a manager got us to sample some of their fresh chicken however; we ended up staying out of good faith. It was a great idea and the food was just lovely...Their take is more modern; portions bigger per a la carte' and they now carry meat and a wide array of other alcoholic and non-alcoholic infused beverages. Overall; very good changes I'm seeing on the horizon. P.S.; with the $7.99 build your own salad & sides; me and hubby paid around $5 dollars less for everything we usually want ;)
Last time I was at In-N-Out burger was a couple of years ago.  My nephew and niece really wanted to go to In-N-Out for dinner a couple of weeks ago.  So; we decided to go.  I'm glad we went; because I got my favorite burger; animal style with single meat.
This place is pretty good but is usually packed. Haven't had a problem with service which is great and on deal days the food is relatively inexpensive
Uh; yeah; this place. . .While my wife was on the search for a good nail place in the Valley to replace the one she used to go to in San Francisco; I took her here a few times.The first visit seemed okay--nothing bad; and they did a pretty good job.  On the second visit; the attitude seemed to change.  My wife picked a blue color for her toes and some of the techs seemed to be laughing at her.  Maybe we were mistaken; but their attitude seemed really strange.  The job that they did on her seemed okay; so we gave them the benefit of the doubt and just assumed that maybe that maybe they were laughing at something else.It was the third visit that really surprised us.  We walked in early one weekend afternoon and my wife asked for a manicure and pedicure.  The owner told us that he was full up and could not take her at that time.  When we tried to schedule an appointment for later in the day; he simply told us no; and would not schedule one; not even for a future date.  No explanation; no courtesy; just no.We got the hint.Now; my wife goes to Colorful Nails in Tempe when she wants to get her nails done.  Always a smile; always great quality; and always happy to get our business.  I'm not sure what the deal is with this nail shop; but we will not come for nails there again.
Sooooooo Goooooood!  Loved the front patio seating w/the fireplace. We sat there X-mas eve and felt cozy w/the patio gas heaters on.  The inside decor is great; colors; types of seating; bar area; lighting etc... My husband & I shared a Don Julio Tequila Flight and our Waitress took time to explain the various tequila and the aging process plus she had great tips and recommendations on the menu. We also shared the crispy pork belly appetizer; the table side guacamole; the braised beef tacos and the pumpkin bread pudding. Absolutely everything was fabulous. Up there with the top tasting restaurants and best ambiance In my opinion!
This is some of the best pizza I have ever had! We had the Delux Combo. The meats in the pizza were what made the pizza amazing. They had that spicy Italian taste to it. This was complimented nicely by the the thick cheese and fantastic dough. I can't wait to try their other pizzas!
Drinks are flashy and entertaining. Not all of them exactly delicious and a little pricey for my taste. The bartender gave me the wrong bill; luckily I caught it; and he corrected it promptly; but no apology. The people seemed nice enough; but an older crowd. I will be visiting again; I really liked the interior decor. They did an outstanding job making sure they kept their theme and the staff was appropriatly dressed. TLDR; Amazing atmosphere; a super date-place.
Never. Again. My husband and I decided to try this place because we were in the area and wanted hot pho on a cold night. My pho was terrible. The broth tasted like it was ramen noodle broth; which if you've had good pho; you know should never be the case. And then; to make the experience even worst; a cockroach started to crawl on our table and almost into our food. The server; who I believe is also the owner; came to check on what was wrong; and when we told her there was a cockroach; her suggestion was we move to another table. But at that point; we had already lost our appetites. We paid and left. The server/owner apologized again as we were leaving; but I was surprised she didn't comp our meal being that we didn't really eat. If you want pho; I suggest you go somewhere else where there is some attempt in making it taste authentic. As for the cockroach; well...I know Vietnamese restaurants are kind of notorious for being dirty so that should be your call if it's a deal breaker.
Matt's new location is bigger; but they have preserved the ambiance that makes Matt's a breakfast destination.  It doesn't matter how big they make the diner; there will always be a line to get in there!  The simple secret is the fresh; real ingredients they use; locally-sourced whenever possible.  When you're a regular; they know your name and your order.  Big plus; in my book; is the new digs have a bike rack.  LOVE Matt's Big Breakfast!  It truly is as good as it gets.
I wish there was a way to give more than 5 stars.   I went back in for my second appointment and got color; highlights and Keragreen treatment.I love love love my color and highlights.  I am also very pleased with the Keragreen treatment.   My hair feels so soft and silky. I absolutely love this place and Heather is awesome.
Three words...REAL HOME COOKING! This is a small hole in the wall run by a family. Came here tonight based on their yelp reviews & am not let down:)!!If you don't have time to relax & wait for your food; don't come here just yet. They will be moving to a larger location in Feb 2013.
Very cool atmosphere; and the food is cheap and good! I like how unique it is. The sauces are great and the toppings on the brats. Fun place! Will return!
Good occasion get some friends together who are virgin Matt's BB goers and we waited about 40 min for our table which ultimately wasn't too bad as we got seated in the private VIP nook at the front of their newly located establishment. The decor was plain and simple and service was top notch as our water was always topped up. I went for brekkie with the hog and chick and hubby did the BLT and our other two friends also went with lunch. Somehow I remembered that the hashbrowns were better than what I dined on today; there was a slight bitter/sour slant to them and I was a bit put off; perhaps too over buttered for my taste today; however thick cut slice bacon saved the day as usual. All in all the company was priceless and we will likely stick to eating near our place as it is a trek.
Stopped in for a drink last week and will definitely be back again.  Awesome patio with comfy loungers and great lighting.  Can't believe I didn't find this gem sooner.
Baggage; security and check-in were a breeze. I flew out at night so crowds were low. When I flew in during the day; it was busy; but not crazy.
Dear US AIRWAYS; You caused delays; a financial burden and stress for a uniformed US Army infantryman coming home for Christmas. Your reason was not for weather; but because of a scheduling problem with staff. You told me your crew had timed-out.  We not come to a satisfactory resolve and we are completely disappointed in your lack of respect of a solider who defends your right to operate a business in our great country. Shame on you!  Case: US-12MEYERS-M09N24-T2W
Is it just me or shouldn't a cafeteria-style of service include cafeteria-style prices? The food was just ok; the pizza was great; but my daughters thought the bathroom was awesome. I'll return to try the breakfast since I live close by and I've heard good things about it; but I doubt I'll return for dinner. I would rather dine with actual service if I'm paying for a restaurant. It works at the more casual Joes BBQ; but here it doesn't seem to match the ambiance.
Nice selection of stores; but sad to see Coffee Beanery going out of business; especially since Borders and Seattle's best is no longer there.
I LOVE THAT DINOSAUR; I mean that dinosaur actually gets me wanting to gas up and purchase various convince store items like candy bars and gas station cheeseburgers.  I don't even eat candy bars or gas station cheeseburgers but I would do anything for that dinosaur; I swear to God I'm not drunk I just really like Sinclair Gas :)
I love decorating my house and now that HomeGoods has moved into the old Borders location (sniff sniff); I frequent this store in hopes of snagging an awesome find at an awesome price.  While some items might be pricier (like the wrapping paper) than other stores; I happened to find a few pieces of my Kate Spade china pattern at great prices. The merchandise offered at HomeGoods changes frequently; but one can always find accent furniture; lighting; rugs; bedding; wall decor; bath; pet accessories; and kitchen accents. The seasonal decor selection is also something impressive to mention that gives Hobby Lobby a little bit of competition. Checkout has always been a breeze; which during this holiday time is rare; and hopefully it will stay that way after the season is over.HomeGoods can be hit or miss; but with new shipment every week; there is no excuse to not check it out. When you find your hit you won't mind the misses.
Good food for the price with excellent atmosphere and staff
Coming from San Francisco where juice has become more style than substance it was a HUGE pleasure to run across Kaleidoscope juice.  The green apple; lemon; ginger; Cayenne (Gold) and the spinach; ginger; green apple; celery; lemon mint (Anton) were my clear favorites; but all the flavors that I tried were tasty; clean; and fresh. I am becoming a huge fan of cold pressed juice and there are only one or two juice bars that I have visited offering anywhere near this quality product. I would recommend this spot if it were just for the juice; but the daily fresh organic snacks made the experience unbeatable.  I would mention favorite quinoa dishes or desserts; but offerings seem to change daily with each being better than the last.If you have any questions or want to chat you couldn't find a nicer and more knowledgable proprietor who seems to be there night and day.
Fun; clean; great prices; good selection. The store is a great find. Really something for everyone. Very friendly and locally owned!
well I am back again and I cant stop not coming to this place! To review; I love the ambiance of this place; the warmth provided by the people here and ofc the food. I got my veggie platter again with the 4 dishes being Fried Okra; Mac & cheese; 2 Eggs/Cheese & Onions and I cant remember what else but I remember feeling amazing bout it :) Oh wait did i eat waffles; ah well I cant remember. I think I should stop eating the sides and eat something else for a change next time; like the salad maybe. ah well to the next time then!
Your review helps others learn about great local businesses.Please don't review this business if you received a freebie for writing this review; or if you're connected in any way to the owner or employees.
I have been going here for years for my invisalign.  I came here with the worst TMJ ever and gapped teeth.  Dr. Brigham and his staff really take care of me and are as gentle as they can possibly be.  He even recommended a great maxillofacial surgeon to remove my wisdom teeth despite my TMJ.  Brigham and staff are so patient with me; especially since I work two jobs; cancel when I'm sick or have to leave town; etc; etc...   I am very impressed with doctor Brigham and his staff.  He really put together such a nice; caring staff.  Once my dog ate my invisalign; and I thought it was the end of the world; but they helped me to get a new set without giving me any attitude about the situation.  I'm still having work done there; but my smile looks 100X better; and my TMJ is sooo much better than it was.  My jaw used to go out of place all of the time; but at least now my jaw is in place.  Also; the staff is very friendly and will talk to you and compliment you while you are there.  I would give this place more stars if I could.  Thank you so much; Dr. Brigham and staff!  :D
Went here the other night on a double date and we all had a good time. No complaints. We spent about $60 for around 15 sides and in the end we were all pretty well fed. I always like the supply your own alcohol concept and the service was fine. Great double date spot. and way more moderately priced than the melting pot!!
First timers on a Sunday morning.  We were greeted by the staff very friendly and sat ourselves next to the cute Paris style cafe decorations.  Staff was very friendly and the customers that were there already were all talking amongst themselves and talking up the owner.  It seemed very inviting that everyone knew each other.  We ordered regular coffees which came promptly and hot and pretty tasty.  My husband ordered a savory crepe of eggs; bacon and cheddar cheese.  The bacon was crisp and the whole crepe was really great.  I had the lingonberry and cream cheese crepe dusted with powder sugar...super yum.  Each crepe is reasonably priced at $5.00ish dollars.  This place is very laid back and the server asked us if we wanted more coffee after the meal was over.  We declined; but it was nice to know we wouldn't be rushed if we did accept.  Overall; great place to go for breakfast and we were in and out in just a little over a half an hour!  I'm a fan and will be back and craving their crepes!
The customer service was pretty good. I found paper; denim and cloth brand from NY for really cheap... awesome deals!
The yogurt was amazing; and the toppings were on another level. How do you fit whole kit kats and oatmeal creme pies into a yogurt cup? Also; the young dark haired attendant was over the top with the cleanliness; I smell a raise in his future.
First had Fretzy's on draft at a tennis club -- great stuff. Bought a six pack; same great stuff. Bought another six pack -- what a disappointment. Beer way overly foamy; could only pour about an ounce in a tall glass until foam reached the top. Tried drinking from the bottle; foam went all over the place. Beer tasted bitter; and left a brown residue on top of the foam.  -- same for every bottle in the pack.Tried to find email for the brewery; no luck; as I have a picture that tells the whole story. Too bad there isn't a way; other than Twitter or Facebook; to contact them.Won't be buying this beer again.
I drive 45 minutes to use Chapman to service my Mazda; even though there's another dealership closer to me; just down the road on Camelback. After multiple encounters with horrid customer service at Camelback Mazda; I decided to try Chapman--and I was happy from the start. Pete Pabst; the service advisor I have worked with; is great. He made sure that my first repair would be covered by our warranty before they started working on our car; which I really appreciated. I was wary of him trying to up-sell me when he let me know what other repairs our car needed; but he put no sales-type pressure on at all. He made a list of the repairs in order of importance and gave me pricing. When I told him I wasn't too car savvy and needed to go home and talk to my husband; he didn't judge or try to take advantage. The rest of the staff seems just as friendly and helpful. When we got our tires replaced; they explained all of the different options; what they would do; how much they were. In the end; the ones that they recommended the most were actually some of the least expensive tires offered.Honest and good service...just wish it was closer to home!
This place is brand new; clean; and reasonably priced.
I have visited August Karaoke Box several times since they opened. I chose to write a review today because I just had a chance to check out the new karaoke system. Much to my surprise; it is much easier to use; considering that the interface is also in English; it is easy for everyone.  I had a party of four people when we visited on 26 December; and everyone found the new system very easy to use and user friendly for my English speaking friends. As before; I found the staff to be very friendly and accommodating. Visiting a KTV is a new experience for many Americans; if you are looking for great new way to spend a few hours with friends; visit this little gem of a business. Like me; you will continue looking for excuses to visit August Karaoke Box to sing along to the latest hits.
I owe Dr. Spetzler and this Institute my life. I have 3 brain tumors. They aren't really operable. I was diagnosed in 2004. I have had a few surgeries with this team without complications and have been able to enjoy my life to the fullest ever since. I interviewed 9 neurosurgeons around the country... but; when I met Dr. Spetzler; I knew that he was the one. My husband was in medical sales and all of the neurosurgeons that he worked with in California talked about Spetzler as if he were a god. He is very well known and respected. You should read the book that was written about him: The Healing Blade. Its incredible. He is a man of few words.. don't let this discourage you. If you have questions; make sure you make a list and ask them one by one. He will give you the time; but he is also a very busy man. In my experience; that is what worked for me. The nurses were caring and went above and beyond. I am so grateful for this hospital.
The Bun Bo Hue is fantastic here.  :)  The ambiance is nice; decorations are cute; and service is great.
Copper Blues is a cool place to some and listen to some music or hear some comedy.   My husband and I have been to Copper Blues a couple of times now.  The staff is really great and the food is great too.   Also they have a huge selection of beer on top that you can choice from.  If you are ever in town for a business trip or on vacation you should check out Copper Blues in downtown Phoenix.  Thanks Copper Blues for being a great restaurant and pub.
An absolute hidden gem in downtown Phoenix and every bit worth the $5 admission.
Dark-medium roast!
Soo good! One of our fav spot. This and oreganos! :) The lemonade is my favorite and the meat lovers pizza!
A small taste of the tropics in North Scottsdale.  A lovely place for dinner; happy hour; or a business lunch. Located in the nice outdoor Kierland Mall. The food here is scrumptious and if you are thirsty; I recommend the Mai Tai.  2nd story is awesome. Top notch service too.
Tried their location off Tatum a couple of weeks ago and it was good.  Tried this one last weekend and I like this one even more.  Great customer service and really friendly staff.  We will be back.
Potbelly in downtown Phoenix was recommended by a colleague who'd eaten there in other cities. I stopped by here when rushing between meetings to get a new passport snap; and needed also to grab lunch while out. The employees were super helpful and quick to prepare my sandwich; in fact; one employee was working the line with a wireless order-taker.  You first choose your sandwich and bread; then move on to the assembly line of workers who pile on your extras like mayo; mustard; lettuce; tomatoes; oil 'n' vinegar; Italian seasonings; onions; etc. Chips and sodas are available; and a few sweet treats. It also appeared that they make shakes. The menu seemed a bit sparse. The sandwich was delicious; but the menu; as compared to a Firehouse or Subway; seemed quite a bit smaller. I was glad they listed the calories; though -- good for a chick watching her figure!
iI visited Chen's for the first time last evening.    Was pleasantly surprised.  The food was very good.   Had hot & sour soup [excellent-best in Valley] and their General's chicken.    Also very good.      I was very impressed with the decor and customer service.   I am very impressed with Flo's in Scottsdale but Chen's is quite competitive.       I will return and enjoy other offerings.         Highly recommend you give Chen's a try; I don't think you will be disappointed.
Kind of a dark and moody vibe/atmosphere if you're into that. The espresso is smooth and dark; definitely nicer than Starbucks.
Gas is decently priced but if you are a smoker; one of the best priced around.
The pizza here is one of the best in town. They use the best ingredients. The pizza sauce is sweet and it takes you right back to Chicago!
Had a wonderful meal and experience last night; love the small but very interesting menu; changes daily. Four of us shared lamb riblets; cheese; falafel then Dave's Chicken and ciopini All favors fantastic; great service; nice ambience. We will be back
Apparantly after 10 years I've been removed from the delivery zone and told that they have never delivered to me because they have no delivery history. Hmmmm.... I've got 10 years of order history from this store but they have never delivered to me. Never; Never; Never go to this store if you can help it. HORRIBLE customer service!!
Their customer service is horrible when something goes wrong. I ordered from them the first time and things were fine. The second time around; 1.5 weeks went by and the shipment did not come. I sent an email and they said they would look into it. Never heard back. I called; they put me on hold; and then no one picked up the phone. I called again; web site was down; they promised they would call back. No one called back. Then I chatted with someone on their web site and finally they agreed to ship a replacement. But even then the attitude was bad. Their employees don't have a sense of accountability to ensure their customers are happy with their shopping experience. If you can find their products with another vendor; I'd recommend buying it elsewhere. These guys have a BAD attitude.
I like to do reviews when you think they might be under the most duress! When do you think that might be??? Christmas time! Yes; sure there were a few problems; but that will happen all the time! I was looking for a few items; during that time I was asked from four different people if I needed help! One of them I asked if they can look for a game. He had no problem; he told me it should be in a certain area; when I was looking in that area he went to the computer to check if there were something else! He did his job; when I went to pay for the items I had; I asked if they can look up a movie I was looking for! No problem; they looked it up right there for me and I got my answer! This is all I ask for; and they did it! Most people working are just doing there job; it's their job to sell you a warranty; it's their job to sell you extra items; IT's THEIR JOB! People relax! All you have to say is no thanks; then move on!
The Vortex... What a great Pizza. I have always loved the gourmet pizza idea and my third time having the Vortex pizza was just as good as my previous two times. I don't have a whiny reason to rate these guys lower than a 5 Star review. WA..WA..WA... I read some of the less than stellar reviewsof Picazzos and I can tell you that in my five times of eating there I have been absolutely happy evey time... Try it you'll Love it!
I chose to live where I do because of the lightrail and I've been testing out the 5 grocery stores that are less than 2 miles from my house since May.  The safeway is ridiculously expensive.  The fry's is pretty average and the wal-mart is so insanely busy I don't want to go there.  I really like that there is an asian market nearby but fresh and easy has won out all of them for my needs.First off let me say I'm seriously frugal so I got a frequent shopper card and get coupons delivered to my e-mail.  i always shop with a $3 off for $20 purchase and I stock up on freezer items and dry goods when they're on sale.  Today I bought up 12oz organic coffee for $1.50 because it was christmas flavored peppermint and pumpkin.  I'm not that impressed with their fresh produce (prices and variety) and don't get me started on the individual wrappings but it's not as bad as the asian market which I tear open in protest and buy just one.  There are laws stores have to sell anything you want in the amount you want even batteries and such but I don't know how to go about that.  I really like that you can get nuts raw and unsalted though a bit pricey (but where can you find nuts cheap; oil crisis? I think there's a nut crisis) it's a good for you splurge.  We should all be buying from a local co-op and growing in our front lawns and community gardens anyway so let's really get sustainable with ourselves before we go tsking a store that's at least trying to spark some awareness and brings us more organic berries in the freezer section.  Any store that has organic frozen blueberries 1lb for $2.67 is ok in my book.  Just a lesson in basic nutrition if you're not going to eat something that day buy frozen or get less nutrients as the time goes by.  Just another lesson in sustainability it actually doesn't take a ton of gas to get products across an ocean.  So go ahead and buy from asia it's not as bad as buying from florida.  You can recycle plastic bags and research is being conducted to turn plastic bags into one of the best batteries ever made though the process might take quite a bit of energy.
Stopped in quickly today to return an item I bought online. I had my packing slip so it was no problem and that way didn't have to deal with shipping the return back through the mail. Also got my free beauty insiders birthday gift today! If you sign up for a beauty insiders card you accumulate points which you can redeem for little extras or deluxe samples. On your birthday they give you a little treat like a lip balm set or shower gel!
So we got reservations on NYE and I had been wanting to check this place out for quite some time. I was pleasantly surprised at how much I liked it! The decor in the restaurant is nice; makes you wanna just hang out and have some wine and good food. I started with the crispy calamari that was served with two great sauces. The calamari was super tender and crispy; perfectly executed! I ended up going with the Prosciutto and Egg pizza; that was decent. I prefer my pizza more crisp and the eggs over easy. This pizza could have been awesoe; but the crust wasn't nearly crispy enough and the eggs seemed more scrambled. With egg on my pizza; the best part is the runny yoke on the pie; which this lacked. I'll definitely come back and give it another shot. Chalk this up as another win for Cityscape!
Stopped into Baker this morning with my daughter browsing for some plants for our garden. We were delighted at the selection they had! Staff was friendly and the grounds were so well kept! We had a few questions and so we stopped into the store where a friendly employee (Yogie?) was at the front desk available to  hand us over to an older gentleman who then pointed us in the direction we were looking. We ended up with several beautiful plants for our new garden and even some indoor trees as well! They are beautiful and thriving thus far. As we were leaving; a young man (Brett?) struck up a friendly conversation with us by telling us that he had a few of the plants we purchased at his own home and gave us a couple pointers as to how to care for them; and proceeded to thank us and welcome us back another time. Everyone was friendly; and because of their customer service- the gentleman at the counter; Brett; and Yogie; we will be returning! Thanks Baker!
Dear Sierra Bonita; thanks so much for accommodating a mix up in our reservation size over the weekend!  Your wait staff was so helpful and pleasant; my brother (the fiscally-conservative one) was inspired to leave a 30 % tip!  I had the buttermilk chicken for the first time and it was just delish!  Everybody had a lovely time and enjoyed themselves immensely!Now get back to work on that perfect Bloody Mary for me; OK?
The ultimate Arizona cowboy bar.  This was SO much fun.  Amazing atmosphere; fun live music and dancing; terrific burgers/beer; plus they have a donkey; horseshoes; and dollar bills stapled all over the place.  This is a must-do AZ experience.
Small selection to choose from as well for toppings; as well the staff are rude and annoying.
I took my BMW here because the dealership I purchased it from (used) took it here to have an oil leak repaired.  First off; the oil leak was repaired only to find out later that it really wasn't.  Turns out there was a slit (cut) in the valve cover gasket; which either occurred when this shop put the part in; or they purchased it with the defect; but either way; the problem was missed on their part; which tells me they do not pay attention to detail.  So; when we noticed the leak was still an issue; it was under warranty through this shop for the original work; so I took it back.  I spent a few hours waiting since I live in the far east valley; they did repair it; however later that day my service engine light came on; then went off.  A few days later; I parked my car; turned it off; and went to start it again after picking up my mail; and the car would not start.  Thankfully; my husband is a mechanic (the only reason he did not fix the oil leak the 2nd time around was because it was under warranty); we towed my vehicle back to my house; which was only down the road; but it was dead.  Come to find out; the cam positioning sensor had not been plugged back into the vehicle all the way; which is what tripped my service engine light a couple of days before; and once it became looser over the course of driving the vehicle; the vehicle finally wouldn't start.  My husband plugged this in completely (like it should have been doen at the shop after fixing the oil leak); and there have been zero issues since.Now; I'm not sure if this shop did this on purpose; or if they just do not pay attention to detail very well.  But; given that something as simple as an oil leak required TWO visits due to a part that they either didn't notice was defective or they messed up themselves; and then they did not finish putting the vehicle back together when they were finished; I am not very happy.  On top of it; I had to have my vehicle towed (thank goodness for towing on my insurance!); and had to deal with a dead vehicle when my school aged son; and I were both sick at the time.I would NEVER recommend this shop to anyone; I will never ever go back; and I also intend on notifying the dealership I purchased my vehicle from of the issues in the hopes that they choose another BMW shop in the future to service any used BMW's that come onto their lot.  What a complete and utter nightmare.
Gave it a try after reading some good reviews... and I'm a fan! It's comparable to Pita Jungle. We started with the appetizer sampler (pick 4 dips): jalapeno hummus; red pepper hummus; baba ghanoush; vegan spinach/artichoke dip. The jalapeno hummus was my favorite. It's packed with flavor... and the pita chips are yummy too. Next; we split a caprese salad. Also very good. Ordered the 3 grass-fed steak tacos for main course. Pretty delicious; although when I had my leftovers the next day; I realized there was probably way too much lemon in the pico de gallo. Guess I didn't notice the first time around since the hummus was also very lemony. (Menu note: There are a lot of gluten-free and vegan options... great to see; since we eat Paleo.)Service was super quick. And; since it's not as well-known as Pita Jungle... I'd say it's a great; quiet place to go where you'll probably never have a wait. I'm sure we'll be back.
must be out of business.  The number is disconnected.  bummer.  I need a gardener.
I have to say; Wildflower has been consistently awesome each time I've visited.  This also covers all of their locations as well.  I know that no matter which one I go to; the food is going to be delicious and the service is going to be good as well.
Love the Camelback mountain!  This is one of the must stops if you are in Phoenix.  There is two way to reach the top of Camelback.  The easier way is the Cholla trial and the harder but shorter trial is Echo Cayon trial.  I have been on both trails many times... but I prefer the Cholla trail because the Echo Canyon trailhead parking is horrible.  However; I would suggest the Echo Canyon trail if you are looking for a great work out and don't mind to wait for parking.   The view on top is simply amazing!  You would be able to see the 4 peaks... Supersition Spring Mt... and the entire Valley of the Sun.  Both trials get very busy during the weekend so you might want to start early!  All in all; this is the number 1 Phoenix's attraction in my book!
Love that I can ride a bike (or walk or rollerblade or whatever) from my hotel on McCormick Parkway all the way down to breakfast in Old Town. Last year I failed to look around and rode a cruiser all the way down Scottsdale road. Ding dong. Not smart.  Soooo much happier this year. Plus - around there were dudes with their full-scale model power boats on the lake and that was very cool to watch.
Ran out of glazed donuts and offered no compensation for my drive.  Bad management decisions.
This is definitely the best gynecologist office I have EVER been to.  I see Dr. Heathcott and I absolutely love her; but if need be I would not mind seeing any of their other doctors.  She is very thorough and I never feel like she is rushing.  The atmosphere is very inviting and relaxing.  The front desk staff is also friendly and helpful.  The rooms are very comfortable and also include a T.V. with a remote that can be used to select different programs such as pregnancy; birth control; etc. that you can watch and learn more about while waiting.  No one likes to go to the gyno; but knowing that I am coming here makes it SO MUCH BETTER.
My daughter and I were super excited to see a new business move into the building at Dana Park Plaza and after researching the menu online; we decided to stop in for Happy Hour to check it out.We visited on 12/13/12 and were seated very quickly as the place was very quiet and 4-5 employees were hanging out at the front desk.  The waitress took a few minutes to stop by and take our orders but was friendly.  I was disappointed that the web site shows guacamole in 2 sizes yet the menu only has one price but I figured it was worth a try since it was an upscaled version with pumpkin seeds and such.  It took a few minutes for the drinks and guacamole to show up and my daughter asked for sugar for her tea;which never came.  We had to finally get up after 15 minutes and ask for sugar after trying really hard to make eye contact or call a server to to the table.  Also noted; guacamole had NO pumpkin seeds either!We decided to order a chicken quesadilla which came out promptly but was not as we had hoped.  The chicken was very wet and mushy; I hate to say this; but it reminded me of cat food.  I would rather have something with some texture; maybe chunks of chicken or sliced strips?  The taste was not there; I would not order any other items after this one :(  My daughter drank her tea and then waited and waited for a refill which is not acceptable when eating spicy foods.  Again; we had to flag down another staff member to fill her tea and at this point; we asked for a manager.  The manager came out after about 10 minutes?????  It was DEAD in the place and there were TWO managers on duty and it took that long???  He listened to my issues and he took the tea off the bill but I wasn't asking for anything at all; just to look into our issues.  I told him about the menu on the website and he said others had brought this issue up as well; but they have done nothing to correct it?? ODD!?I would not recommend this establishment.  The margarita was good but other than that; it was no bueno!
Not recommended.I stayed here for three nights.  On one day; housekeeping decided not to clean my room.  I made the bed myself.  Garbage was not picked up.  Apparently; a rugby tournament takes place on the first weekend in December.  The players book up blocks of cheap rooms and party all night.  There was noise at 1:30 AM.  There was more noise at 2:30 AM.  There was even more noise at 3:20 AM.  The rugby players left garbage in front of room 218; which was not picked up for 12 hours.  Additionally; some of the rugby players vandalized my car.  I also saw one of the rugby players climb over the locked gate to go swimming at 6:30 AM; while I left early to go to the gun show.I will not be back.
Kosher alert!  I ordered a pizza sub with pepperoni and was met with weird looks.  Did not realize I was in a kosher eatery.  Oh; well.  It made for an interesting Christmas Eve dining adventure.The pizza sub was fantastic.  Made with fresh mozzarella; bread and sauce made in house.  The sauce made the sub.  Good sauce always stands out and these folks have one of the best sauces around.  I can't wait to try the pie one day.  I am partial to slaughtered animal on my pizza but I am willing to do without.Service was a bit slow but that is to be expected when your food is made fresh.  A good meal is always worth a wait.
Do NOT go here! Save your money! They will close early if they feel it is not busy enough. We attempted to go here for dinner TWICE and they had closed early...The 3rd time was a charm; but the place itself is NOT!. They had live music; a Mexican Group playing cha-cha music; which was horribly loud! The Chips were stale; & the salsa wasn't really salsa...it was more like hot sauce. I ordered the Albongdigous (Meatball) Soup...It was lukewarm at best. The Chimichunga was just okay... Jim's tacos were too spicy for him...  Baja Fresh is way better than this place!...just sayin'.
Disclaimer: I don't know coffee or espresso. I mean; I can tell if something is burnt to hell or completely the wrong temperature but I'm no ex-barrista who can comment on how hot the creme is being made or to what extent the froth should be added. I just like the decor and; now that the weather has cooled; sitting on the couches with the garage doors lifted.That said; Copper Star is a quality local coffee shop. As another poster mentioned; the employees are very friendly which; as a coffee knownothing; I appreciate in a small coffee shop.  The baked good are excellent; if a tad pricey. The options seem to rotate but I haven't been let down yet. If you are looking for something a little more substantial; I highly recommend the hummus plate. As I am quickly becoming a regular; I wish they had some kind of punch card program -- oh well.
I'm going to admit this.I don't have a single Jewish or New York ounce of DNA in my whole body. I've never even been to New York ( I know; but it's on my bucket list). My family is either from Cincinnati ( German and Scottish); or the Washington DC area (Irish and French). But maybe a little bit of me is a reincarnated New Yorker? There's got to be a little deli in my DNA strand; or in my memory somewhere....Because I have loved this place since I was a kid growing up in Phoenix. My parents used to take me in here for  potato pancakes and chicken soup and Hebrew National hot dogs as a kid. They ate Reubens piled with sauerkraut and Swiss cheese on marbled rye bread. I didn't know better yet; or I'd have had one too. . Later; I got a job working at KLZI Radio one summer between college semesters ( my dad got me a stint as a substitute receptionist) and it was close enough to duck in for lunch. Cabbage rolls? Sure! Matza ball soup? so what if it's 117 degrees; bring it! Liverwurst? were my friends around; no; well ok! YUM. The lunch specials were cheap and affordable on my minimum wage budget. Besides; my dad said I just had to work; not that I had to save any money; right?I still like this place; and you can still get some good stuff in here. I like how long it's been around; and I like their story. It makes me happy. Last time I went and got my dad and dragged him back to Portland I got some chicken liver and it was good. Yum.
Today was the first time I ordered from Famous Dave's. I must say I was very happy with the service.  I ordered food to go.  The employee I spoke to over the phone was extremely friendly and patient while taking my order and giving me directions to the restaurant.  Once I got there I was greeted with a smile and was immediately helped.  I ended up making a last minute change to my order and was accomodated with no problem.  While I waited there for my order to be ready about 4 or 5 waiters and waitresses who walked by asked me if I had been helped.  This hardly happens at other places where they just walk by and ignore you.  I was very satisfied with the level of service; the food was great!!! I will be going back and hope to dine in next time.
Tried to go there last night and it was a 45 minutes wait. Went back today for lunch. The inside is small and was very noisy at lunch time; so we sat outside. My daughter ordered a hot dog with cheese slices on it. When it was brought to the table the cheese was burnt black. We sent it back. When the next hot dog arrived it was burnt. She ate about 4 bites because she was hungry. My wife ordered the wings. They were rubbery and tasted fair. I tried two of them and was not impressed. My son had a plain hamburger and we ordered it cooked medium. It came out medium well. I had one of their specialty burgers and it was ok.  It was a little over cooked too. When my kids needed refills on their drinks I went inside and had to refill them myself. Twice we asked the waitress for extra napkins. She never brought them. Had to get them myself. I talked with the manager about the wings and hot dog not being right. He did take those items off the bill. We will never go here again.
NOTHING LIKE THIS PLACE ANYWHERE!!! i always have to get a different tsoynami when i come to phoenix. i crave this year round and look forward to coming back to phoenix almost solely to visit nami. it is soooooooooo delicious. this time i had a betterfinger tsoynami with chick-o-sticks in it. to die for. amazing.
After hitting up several pizza joints in the area; I finally found my go-to when I'm craving NY style pizza!  I just moved here a couple months ago from NJ where there's a pizza shop on every block and this was the closest one in quality to the ones back home.  The crust folded well  in my hands and the cheese pulled apart like the way mozarella should!  Their Chicken Parm sandwich was very tasty as well though not as good as the ones back home. The staff was very friendly and though prices are okay it's still not the same for some reason.  Maybe its the water? But overall; this is my spot for NY Pizza!  Give me Benny Tudinos in Hoboken; NJ anytime!!!
Great shakes!  What a cool lookin' place.
Ordered to-go tonight.  I asked the guy if he could mix the suicide sauce and honey garlic sauce for me for the wings. He said that he could not do that.  I find this odd having worked at a restaurant before and this is something that is completely doable.  Furthermore; I have been to other native NY'ers and this was never a problem.  Basically; it just comes down to not really caring about pleasing the customer.  When I showed up; I got the impression that the place was disorganized.  I remember asking to get BC instead of ranch; so he walked back into the kitchen to get me that; but came out empty handed.  Then a minute later some other guy comes out with it.  Whatever system they have to keep the orders straight and what needs to come out next for their separate take out window seems to lack.
They have an awesome selection of beer.They have live bands on the weekends.The prices are great; and the raspberry chipotle wings are PHENOMENAL...Great place to watch a game with TV's everywhere. My kids even love going there.
Thought my carnitas was on the dry side but the chips/salsa were delish and my strawberry marg was freaking strong.  It was really difficult to Christmas shop afterwards.
I've had a lot of sushi across North America; I can safely say; it's the best! Where else can you go for an Ikura Birthday Cake.  I've been there hundreds of times and Chefs Al and Zach have proven to give the best sushi / sashimi creations but also the best dining experience.  They've never let me down...I wish they would open for breakfast too :-)
How did I not know this place was here?!I mean; I did. Ive passed it a hundred times but never thought to go there when I needed to send something.Its now my 1st choice. It may not be the closest one to me; but it is THE best. The lines were minimal (even w/ it being the holiday season); and every clerk was pleasent and helpful. Awesome!And you cant beat their hours. Open til 9:30PM on weekdays and til 5 on Sat. You cant beat it!
Awesome!
Postino's is my go-to carb-load-locale.  While the decor is rather industrial for my delicate Rococo sensibilities; it's always a warm environment for a rainy day--or the more frequent sunny day.  As for food; I always opt for bruschetta: great to split for a great price.  My personal favorite is the Sheep Milk and Tomato Jam.  A bite of this is like a bite of Christmas.  Try it and you'll understand.  Of course; everyone is nuts about the Pear and Brie; as well as the Proscuitto.  If your a vegetarian or keep kosher; opt for the Proscuitto without the proscuitto; as the figs and mascarpone carry boatloads of flavor and delectability on their own.  I'm also a sucker for the Ricotta with Dates & Pistachios.  The NYC Grilled Cheese is always a great choice as well--a savory treat that brings you back to childhood.  For non-wine drinkers; go for the Cucumber Honey Lemonade (and don't be intimidated by the icky sci-fi bright green color--the sweet and fresh taste is well worth it).  Of course; if you are a fine wine connoisseur or just a recreational drinker; hit up this classic Arcadia locale on Monday or Tuesday when you can get a bruschetta board and a full bottle of wine for just $20... incredible; I know.  Overall; everything at Postino's is pretty incredible; and so I highly highly recommend it.  Happy dining and wining!
The best gluten free pizza I have ever had!  I ate the entire pizza myself!! This tasted so normal and good; I couldn't stop! :)I had the Fallen Angel with it's delicious thin crust (almost flatbread style); sauce; cheese; and toppings.  Now if you can please lower that horrible new loud music so we can enjoy conversations at the table without shouting and without headaches. With concrete floors; there is not exactly good soundproofing in the place to absorb the sound.
This place has some really good fried chicken. I use to live in the neighborhood a few years back. It's a little market store; but serves some chicken wings and fried chicken that will surprise you. It's located in the hood; so pack your favorite weapon...he...he.... if you find yourself on Buckeye; it's worth the stop.
Anybody knows me knows that I love Four Peaks; especially their beers. This new location for them focuses on what they do best which is beer. The tasting room as they call it is just that. A nice room with a view into the brewery for tasting beer. The room is very nice and modern with TV's for watching sports and plenty of seating.They don't serve food here but they will server up your favorite beers. To make up for the lack of food they have nightly visits from different food trucks to serve up  some yummy food. I am pretty sure they also let you call for delivery as well.So if you are looking to grab a beer without the hassle of the 8th Street location crowds or the trip to Scottsdale check out this little gem. They have all the beers four peaks has and right now even have some Pumpkin Porter that is exclusive to this location.The location is a bit tricky to find but trust me it is there. I would give you specifics but I still want to be able to walk in and grab a seat without fighting off a crowd.
If the price of coffee was lower these would easily been 5 stars but I can easily get 4 coffees at AMPM (3 paid and 1 free) for the price of one coffee here. I do love some of their options and I do drink coffee here atleast once a week.
Came here the other night with my husband for some ice cream. Really liked the portion sizes and the ice cream selection. I had strawberry cheesecake in a baby cone and my husband had pecan praline in a big cup. It was delicious and the overall atmosphere of the shoppe was great. I plan on going back very shortly to try their food selection so I will update.
Bring one of these to Chicago; please!Order a salad; feed a village.  OK; maybe just yourself twice but dang that was huge.  Being fresh; things tasted GREAT.  I am finalizing this review months later and I can still see the walnuts and crumbled cheese on a towering heap of spinich.  While I couldn't eat ALL of the salad I had to take the smoothie to go and DAMN.  Really; damn; that is some fresh stuff and tastes SOOOO good.All this bragging and the price for two of us was surprisingly reasonable; I did not expect it to be this low.  Only negative; they need more space; like twice the space... and they deserve it.
Went for lunch; a small place but nice. Had the Red Curry Chicken. Was very yummy; just the right amount of spice without being too overpowering. Service was good too. If you're tired of all the bar food and sandwich shops in DT Chandler; this is a nice change once in awhile.
This is a very nice store. I have to say a bit more helpful than the one in Scottsdale.This location knows what Nordstrom is known for. Great Customer Service.This is a few days after Christmas now and there is still major mall activity.More I think than before Christmas.But; Nordstrom is still nice; still easy to be there and to deal with.I had to return a pair of shoes I had gotten for Christmas. Why?Because; I just did not like them. Nordstrom is great with returns as well. They took them back ; credited the account and I was on my way.Plus they are the nicest decorated store in the mall.
Great happy hour and building.  Fantastic homemade ginger ale.  They have a fun trivia league on Wednesday.  The service is a bit slow when they get super busy; but the staff are really nice.  Their chihuahua contest in the summer is pretty fun as well.
As crazy as I was about Tucson; I was rapidly let down by the next town I saw; the manicured Scottsdale; which; though the oldest town in the Old West or something; is the Scarsdale of Arizona.  So funny that the Yelp headquarters is in a place where dentists and their wives with straightened hair; Laura Mercier eyeshadow; dressed up in judicious straight legged jeans and expensive bomber jackets paint the town red by going out to restaurants with a glass of wine after.  Much as they got it poppin in West Hartford and Bronxville where I lived.  Its Old Town cedes any claim to baddest town in the West cred because it's a winking; hyper commercialized homage; replete with jewelry and souvenir stores.  However.  Its center is a manicured selection of huge; spacious restaurants; some aspiring to trendiness; some getting there (such as The Pink Pony; Bandera; and the Mission with its sprawling; romantic interior which we couldn't afford.)Instead; we headed over to the Daily Dose because of a recommendation that didn't come from Fodor's.  The Daily Dose is a spruced up trendy-ish bar restaurant slightly away on Scottsdale Rd from trendy restaurant row; with spruced up; good; solid bar lunch and dinner food.  Except the food happens to be very good and dependable.  The mango mojito was somewhat girly and candied; but good with mango chunks bubbling up the wide bubble tea straw.  The calamari; sweet lord the calamari.  It is made from a softer; less chewy part of the calamari and paired with a mustard sauce.  Highly recommended to share!  I tried the rock shrimp taco on the waitress' recommendation which was a small mess of somewhat unfrozen shrimp; cabbage; and mayo; so less recommended.  However; the turkey burger she also recommended was very good!  Tender with cheese and a couple avocado pieces on top.  Guaranteed to devolve into a food coma after 30 minutes.  The second time we came; my family tried more good things; but I was less impressed with the dull carnitas with corn salsa and beans on the side.  As far as the service; both of the women who served us were accommodating and friendly; but with a slight edge of de facto faux Southern charm that I hear Phoenix and Scottsdale sometimes ally themselves with.  I thought that the service in Flagstaff and Tucson was more sincere; but I'm biased because I like them better.  Plus; I imagine that Scottsdale is one of those places like Dallas where women put on their face for an hour just to go throw out the garbage.  And a woman who sometimes doesn't wash her face; like me; would be shunned.
Not a bad burger joint. Limited menu and the food was pretty good. Nothing spectacular but the service was very good! Fries were pretty salty; though.
Such a fun place to go and eat. I hardly come to Tempe but after coming here for the first time; I plan on going back. Great food; service was excellent and the VIEW is amazing (From the patio).
Well it is 12-12-12; a wonderful Day I think!!! Got up this morning and the coffee maker was not working.So we came here for breakfast. We have not been in a while so thought it is close we will go. Not too busy; and they have a very nice accomodating staff.We sat inside because; it is in the 50's this week(in the morning).Food is good ; coffee is as well. You have to ask for Butter or else they will give you margarine.The water is tap water; so a lot of lemon will kill the taste of bitter and bad.Food is good I just wish they went more natural. Even all the jams are a bit gross.They cut corners here on certain things which really takes away from it all.Otherwise I would give them a 5 star.
Love this particular store. Clean. Friendly staff. The Red Velvet Drizzle donuts are absolutely out of this world...but oh so bad for my Size 4 figure. Oy vey!!!!!I'll be back every now and then for a little somethin' somethin'! :P
Overpriced Thai food in my opinion and boy do I miss Thaipan. The employees here are friendly however I always walk away feeling like I've paid too much and I never felt this way when Thaipan was previously in operation. The service is swift and the quality of the food is decent. I still favor Siam Thai cuisine as my personal favourite.
I was expecting an experience to BW3s; but that is not what I got. The Parmesan garlic wings do not have sauce on them; but are instead soaked in butter with Parmesan cheese sprinkled over top. Totally disgusting.  Their menu doesn't even mention that it isn't a sauce. The fries also have a weird sugary sweet kind of thing going on. They weren't very good.I couldn't get through more than a few bites of each.It's possible that the wings that actually have sauce (though the menu doesn't point out which those are) might be better; but I will never know...I won't ever be back.
Great dogs; great service; great people watching.  What more could you ask for?
Great service and friendly staff.
We really enjoyed this venue. What a fun concept to make a regular movie more like a night out or date.  We bought our tickets online and then went late Sunday afternoon. It was a manageable crowd and a pleasant movie going experience. We also happened to pick a winner movie which made it so much fun.The chips for the nachos were paper thin so although tasty; they didn't hold up to the delicious ingredients on them.  Nice wine selection and the popcorn was good. We sat in desk like chairs at a counter and had lots of space and comfort.I think the management must  improve on the cleanliness of the venue. The women's room needs an attendant because it was a mess. The bar in the lobby was sticky and to behind the bar had a number of dirty areas.This place is 25 miles away from us. We will definitely return but not for a quick flick.
$12 for burger; fries; and soda.  Unbelievable how much some of these nicer fast food places charge.  Added jalapenos to my burger and it was just four little rings in the middle.  What kind of add-on topping value is that?  On top of this; the habanero cheese isn't really hot at all.  Parking is atrocious since it shares spots with Jimmy Johns and others.
For all you shoppers out there this is your location for your needs; but there is a catch its an outside mall so only visit it during the 8 months of great weather. if you come out here from May - August it is just HELL!!! Run from store to store. You can catch a flick; shop; eat; hit up walmart; bestbuy; sams club; within a mile you have every store that you could ever think about visiting. I would give this place 6 stars if I could.Also they did close the food court itself; which is sad.
crab legs were very good and service was friendly and the buffet was always stocked full of good things
We only went there because we had our puppy with us and needed outdoor seating.Less than mediocre food. We had:Omelette with Turkey - edible but not greatTurkey Wrap - unappetizingOJ - watered downLatte - blandI would rather eat at the Herb Box.
Very cheerful; upbeat atmosphere. Excellent service. There is a huge screen that usually shows sports for the fans. And; a happy hour that makes the food significantly cheaper. If you are wanting to listen to modern Irish jigs while eating delicious food (who doesn't?!); read on.I've ordered a number of appetizers and dishes here. The cod and pork sliders are by far the best. There are also wings; fries and Irish-style pizzas; and tacos; among other dishes. If you are a first-timer; make sure you go during happy hour (4 pm to 7 pm) and order pork tacos and cod sliders; you won't regret it. God; I'm salivating just thinking about going back.
Great yogurt; good prices. Friendly staff. Salted Carmel is the best!
OZ has been having 2 for 1 drink specials until 8 pm everyday in December! YAY!The Saturday before Christmas. My family is in San Francisco at 'The Dickens Festival' inside Cow Palace; without me. I was distraught being separate from them this holiday.Low and behold! I walked into Oz and we had our own Dicken's Fest. I was so happy. My man even beat everyone in pool and won a $10 gift card to the bar :)Men in speedos and scarves dancing on mini stages; $1 jello shots; free pizza if you show your c*ck...Dicken's Fest!Happy Holidays Yelpers!
My absolute favorite New Mexico style food restaurant. My only complaint is I live in Glendale and this place is located in Chandler. Really far to drive to get my favorite  food. Please consider opening  on the west side on Bell Rd. in fact; there are several vacant restaurant buildings calling your name. Your flat enchiladas are the best and I'm craving your sopapillas. People in Chandler and Mesa; try this place!
= = = = = =  CLOSED  = = = = = =Sadly; Great China here has closed!     :-OThe problem?  Too many competing Buffets in the neighborhood; plus they weren't charging enough at $4.95 when it should have been $6.95.  The food was quite good here; & this is a 
Love coming to the Herberger. this is definitely one of the best places for an amazing dose of art; culture & entertainment in downtown Phoenix!  Performances for all tastes; ages and interests.  Affordable and all seating is good seating - a rarity in theaters.   This is definitely a gem of Central Phoenix.
Typical big box store.  I like Lowes but this location lacks customer service.  Get a piece of wood cut; forget it.  Lost rebate for paint; makes me doubt the corporate structure.  Home depot down on Alma seems like 5 star service.
Beautifully prepared and plated; even elegant; breakfast fare.  The egg dishes looked and tasted divine.  The accompaniments of nicely prepared hash browns and light spring greens with vinaigrette are a welcome change to 'spuds and bacon'.  Communication between server and kitchen was abysmal.  Both our table and the table next to ours had their order incorrectly served; and I don't think the chef was at fault.  C'mon Scratch; invest in customer service staff that listens to the customer and knows the menu.Go for the croissants.
The staff seemed a little indifferent. Also the location doesnt have a bathroom; which is just weird. I normally bank at Airpark and like Wells Fargo; but this one needs help and maybe some management changes. Not inviting at all. If your so worried about the area then you should get security guards; not a teller at the door trying to screen people. It's cheesy.
The teriyaki bowl with white meat is good.  It's not knock your socks off but I go there weekly to get my rice bowl fix on.The lunch service is pretty fast which is a big plus.
Great atmosphere.Clean cool place to hang where the drinks flow for a vervy reasonable price.  Well drinks are$2.75... thought I was in the 90's for minute there.  Also they have several big tv screens for those who like sports.Service is excellent... Heck no; I'm not hitting on her... Not certain if they have food... didn't ask...
Paul is awesome!  He quickly diagnosed and fixed our system and also explained how everything works and how to do our own troubleshooting.  He not only changed out the damaged filter but also trimmed and re-set all the plastic tubing; drained and reset the tank and checked out all the manifold connections.  Totally professional and courteous. Very reasonable price!!! AAA+++ rating!!!
This place a fantastic.  I was in Scottsdale for 2 nights and we went to RnR both nights.  It come recommend by the server at another local place and it was the most fun that we had in town.  The staff is amazing-  super friendly; fun; and helpful.  The food was great- DO NOT miss out on the Ahi Tacos;  happy hour 1/2 off food deals and 1/2 off  wine nights make it a great value.  I'm looking forward to my next trip to Scottsdale to bo back and try  their breakfast.
Was in AZ for a conference and a friend had a huge craving for Scandinavian food. It's located in a strip mall and looks like a cafeteria with a stuffed Beaver on the counter. There's games to play while you wait; which is nice. The food was reasonably priced and the Swedish meatballs tasted amazing. Even all their side dishes were delicious.They have poutine!!! I finally understood why all my Canadians missed home. I gained 5 pounds that weekend. So worth it.
This race was fantastic! For their inaugural event in Phoenix; they marketed the crap out of it and brought out a huge crowd. From the pre-race information via email to the expo to the actual event and post-party; it was very well run. The volunteers were all very helpful and positive. The 5k course was flat and fast but not spectacular - it just wove around a commerce park; including a silly little run up; now turn around and run back and was narrow at parts (particularly the beginning...hard to find space); but the 15k course looked nice. As for the swag; a lot of people were wearing the jackets; but I'm not sure I'm a fan or that mine will get a lot of use. The finisher's mug was a great idea (and the pickup for them was again; very well organized). I expected lukewarm sludge; but the Ghirardelli hot chocolate was hot and delicious. The chocolate fondue was just not appetizing after a run so I skipped that and I'm not sure what to do with the mug now; but it was a detail I really liked. Hot Chocolate Run; I'm impressed!
I have been to It's A Grind far too many times to have not reviewed it yet. Oops!This place has been my favorite coffee shop in the East Valley for a quick coffee for years. Used to hit the drive thru for a nutty cow and bagel with cream cheese on my way to early classes or work shifts. They don't mess around with their cream cheese; you get your money's worth. Alas I moved to another part of town and am not as close to them anymore and can't justify driving 10 miles out of my way just to get a coffee. But when in Gilbert; I will stop in whenever I can.Lately I've rediscovered my love of a good quick coffee from a place that doesn't burn their espresso(desperate times called for desperate measures) and I stumbled upon their little gem called a Rocket Latte. This thing is small but it packs a punch. It tastes like a strong coffee; I get mine with a couple raw sugars; but it is as much caffeine as you could possibly need. I have never had a negative customer service experience here. Whether in the drive thru or going in to snag a comfy armchair to do some paperwork or chat with a friend; I have always been greeted with a smile and a great attitude. Keep up the good work guys; you're doing something right.
The food was great; I had a root beer float and a chicago dog. Also I was surprised at how clean the restaurant was.
Me and the wife were in the mood for something different... Indian food was something different for us so we Yelped something Indian and this spot popped up! So we entered and were greeted by the waitress; nice little place. I look around and the atmosphere is nice; theres a few families in there; some people at the bar; your usual nice atmosphere. We really wanted some authentic Indian food; and as far as I can tell; I think we found it. Because we had no experience with Authentic Indian food; I had to give it the Authenticity Test... here's the test... When you want to find out how authentic and ethnic restaurant is; you look at how ethnic its population is. This restaurant passed the test. It was very nice and refreshing to see the diversity in this place. We proceeded to look very lost and confused about their huge menu so I  asked the waitress for help because we were clueless to the lingo on the menu and she was really cool about it; she explained what everything was; and how you pair it... We began with the Samosas; a pastry filled with potato and green peas; with garbanzo beans on the side; served with three different chutnies; a green one; a red one; and then some pickled stuff there was ginger in there for sure; the Samosa was really good; but I gotta say the garbanzos were freakin delicious.... it was freakin' good; all of it! Then we ordered the Chicken Tikki Masala; with some rice and Naan... the whole thing was gone... I guess the best thing I can say is that this place from the sounds of it seems very authentic; the food is good; and the server was cool... the only thing that I felt awkward about was around 7:30 a belly dancer came out and I honestly didn't know what to do... I had my pregnant wife sitting next to me while this girl is doing her thing... didn't really know the etiquette; I reached for a dollar; then realized I was in the wrong place... then everybody else started to take out dollars... so then i got confused... it was a weird dynamic... didn't know where to look; like; if i looked did I look like a pervert; I mean there's families around!!! But at the same time I think I was supposed to! So from the looks of it... you give her a dollar; but then she'll stand you up and make you dance with her... take what you will from this... go there it was a cool experience.
Stuck in the world between fast food and restaurant it's good for what it is. The food is solid but the prices a little high. I also find it very cheap to charge for drink refills.
Awesome!!!!!  Great service!!!   Do not miss this neighborhood gem!!!
Under new Management - Great guys
Not bad tonight
show me better mexican food in this town! there are a few places but this ranks as top 10 easily. you all are haters... it's GOOD food. so what if the service isn't remarkable? food is cheap too. if you don't like your food; send it back.AND it's so local; they have a copper dome on their building for the great state of ARIZONA.a tip --- when you go; don't be so uptight; just be chill... no there isn't a hello; welcome to la canasta; how are you doing today? may i take your order so don't get your panties in a twist when youre not greeted in that typical (usually insincere) way.
Food is always great; service is good and the atmosphere is fun and exciting. The hubby loves their beer so that's always a must when we go. The only thing we seriously dislike about Four Peaks is parking. Parking is absolutely atrocious! Its so bad in fact it becomes a reason not to bother going. In the past we've actually spent 20 or more minutes trying to find parking. And this is the reason for my star rating; I'd give it more of a 3.5 if I could. I wish I could give them 4 stars but I just can't; the parking is just that bad; unfortunately.
Traditional American comfort food done right! After my second visit Beckett's Table is quickly becoming one of my favorite Phoenix places to dine. The restaurant has a high-end feel to it but the prices are very reasonable. At first glance one might not think the menu is very adventurous but you would be missing the point. What Beckett's Table does is something we should all do which is: do your very best version of whatever it is you are doing. In this case it means not shocking everyone with exotic ingredients or wild ideas. Having amazing mashed potatoes and stuffing is almost always better than some alchemist chef experimenting on you. There is a reason we all love simple comfort food like popcorn and macaroni and cheese. The reason is that we know it will be good. If someone said hey have you tried my new chili pepper and sardine flavor mac?; you might be curious but it is hardly anything you sit around hungry for. There is a quaint theme to many of the menu items which is the inclusion of bacon on nearly everything. Worry not though vegetarians Beckett's will not leave you hungry. My veggie wife was able to get the grilled cheese and tomato soup bacon-free with no fuss. The staff is very friendly and the ability to place a reservation through the Yelp ap in between Call of Duty matches was a big help.
There is a reason why it is a quick wait to sit down.... because the wait for quality service and food will be endless. If you're expecting the Scottsdale Breakfast Club; you will be disappointed.
We traveled  to Coolidge from Chicago via Phoenix  to meet my brother and his family from Tucson and visit the Casa Grande Ruins.  We were fortunate to have lunch at the Sunset Cafe which made the trip.  The food was very good; the portions perfectly sized and the service and hospitality remarkable.  A visit to this family run cafe alone is worth the 1 1/4 hour trip from Tucson and Phoenix.  The calabasita enchiladas plate and mexican cheesecake dessert were delicious.
This is a nice theater.  Alas our show was not in the Cine Capris theater.  But their regular theater was nice.  There was plenty of leg-room; so when people needed to get by I didn't even have to stand up.  THAT was nice.  I could stretch out a little and not kick the folks in front of me.  Even better than most other Harkins theaters.  The sound was adequate (typical of a Harkins); and the screen was pretty standard.  A bit small; but that is the standard now.Typical concession stand with typical outrageous prices.  They do offer seasoning for the popcorn so you can make it like kettle corn; or some other choices.  A very nice touch.  Employees were nice; and very casual.  Some places it almost seems like the employees are just looking for some infraction of some rule.  Not here.  Just decent customer service.
Whisky selection is limited. But food is good. Crusted calamari is a delicious appetizer
Like everyone says; this is a great hotel especially next to the airport. I booked this hotel with a discount coupon from US Airway. The staff was very friendly and the lobby was spacious and beautifully decorated. Room was very clean and nice. Bathroom looks like it has been recently renovated because the floor; toilet; and tubs were sparkling clean. They even have soap; shampoo and conditioner dispensers! Free Wi-Fi as well! This rivals many of the 4 stars hotels I've stayed in. If you're adventurous; you can check out some of the strip clubs down the block.
I love this salon!   Jennifer is always friendly; professional and concientious in how she opporates her business.   I highly recommend!
Oh the Coach house! We've been here before but never during the holidays. Every year they win some kind of title for most gawdy light display; and if you drive past it you'll see why. It looks like the Griswald's house! However nothing had prepared me for the inside and all it's magical holiday spendor. Every inch of the place.....every wall; ceiling beam; corner; was decorated with holiday paper; tinsel; and lights. It was impressive. We went on a Friday night and it was packed with people!!! Their inside bar is a little small but the good thing is they have an outside patio area as well. This bar is a fun Scottsdale staple to check out anytime; but definitely during the holiday season if you want a hefty dose of Christmas cheer.
Great wine and beer selection and you can't beat the $20 bottle and bruschetta deal on Tuesdays after 8pm. Always a solid choice if you can find a table! Get there early!
For an airport restaurant/bar; this is a lucky find. Varied menu; salads are fresh and large size; burgers are served hot with interesting toppings. Margaritas are tasty and tall; wine selection is tolerable; beer on tap; 2 TVs to pass the time.  Not bad for such a small airport kitchen and pub.
Excellent flavors; and Betty is usually there personally. The staff is helpful and friendly and whenever I take my friends here they love it. Try the chocolate for starters and you will get hooked.
I just tried the Native New Yorker for the first time and thought it was pretty good pizza. It doesn't quite rank up there with the best; but definitely good nonetheless. The wings are also as good as you would expect and the service is not bad either. I found the prices to be quite reasonable; which pleases me and is definitely something that will encourage to come back for more.
Although I have been dining here for years and am sure have written a review; I feel compelled to add another after last night's New Years Eve dinner.   We usually avoid holiday dinners out as the restaurants usually cannot handle the increases numbers.   Not so here!   The food was superb; service more than acceptable and a bargain to boot!
Generous sized piece of white meat chicken; southern fried (with zesty spices) laid on top of a oversized biscuit covered in white gravy. Just like my grandma used to make. So full of flavor; so filling. I could only eat half before my belly expanded beyond the reach of my pants. Best $8 I've spent all day! I'm going to Facebook stalk them so I can partake in some more of their other southern goodness!
I was in the area and really wanted a pedicure. My husband was with me; and although I'd NEVER drag him into a nail salon regularly; we were celebrating my birthday and doing things I liked so he was a great sport and accompanied me in. As I was sitting in the chair I began reading some of the yelp reviews. Previous yelpers were right! It was very clean and the service was good. After I got set up in the chair; the nail tech asked if my husband wanted to sit next to me in a massage chair; which was nice of him to offer. So he saddled on in and got to check his phone and watch a Bruce Willis movie on the tv.My nail tech did a great job! So many times when I've gotten a pedicure I'm disappointed with the massage part (which we all know is the best part); but it was relaxing and they even wiped off any extra lotion so as not to leave my skin too greasy. The polish came out very nice and they gave me some oh-so-stylish disposable slippers to walk out in. Great place!!
Came here for breakfast with a couple girl friends. This is such a cute place! A bright; open dining space with colorful (and slightly girly) decorations. I love the local environmentally-conscious vibe; and the staff are really friendly!I ordered the In-Season Egg Scramble; which came with a delicious stir fry of fresh vegetables; and yummy multi-grain toast! I love their toast! Much more fun than the regular wheat toast at most breakfast places; with a yummy berry jam! My friends ordered the multi-grain toast with almond butter; which was beautifully plated (with pomegranate seed topping!) and looked delicious as well! (And is a good way to go if you don't want a large portion). The best part; nothing felt heavy/greasy!They also have an assortment of baked goods and desserts; which looked delicious! And they have complimentary cucumber water; which was super refreshing! I'm excited to come back and try their juices as well!
Full review blogged:Crostini di Fegatini alla Fiorentina:  $5. Nothing complicated here; just rough ground chicken liver pate over homemade toasted bread with a bit of parsley.  Served chilled and ample in portion; no complaints.Maialino:  $18.  The most limited item on the menu this spit-roast baby piglet was gone by the time we left and although the skin could have been crispier the flavors were spot on - the pork supple and rife with notes of garlic; rosemary; coriander; and pepper while the skin was slightly sweet and plenty smoky.Panino con Porchetta: $8.95. Much like the Maialino this could have used a bit more crackle on the surface but all things being equal it would be pretty hard to complain about crusty Italian bread wrapped around warm pork roast with plenty of black pepper; fennel and light citrus notes.Baccala` in Umido con Polenta: $18. One of my primary reasons for wanting to visit Andreoli in the first place was this dish and thankfully it did not disappoint one bit.  Big in portion; huge in flavor; and in my opinion the most well executed dish of the afternoon I figured going into it that the cod would be excellent and as good as it was; the biggest shocker of the dish was perfect execution of the polenta - toothsome; dense; and a veritable sponge for both the tomatoes and the briny fish.Caponata Sicula: $5. Simple; savory; and perhaps the deal of the day this plate of tender eggplant; briny capers; pine nuts; tomatoes; balsamic; and olive oil with hints of basil and onion was plenty to share and would have only been better with some warm bread for dipping.Trippa alla Toscanaccia: $14. With almost half of our table having never eaten tripe and another not really a fan of the dish I figured I'd be doing most of the legwork on this dish and although everyone took a taste my suspicions fortuitously proved correct - an acquired taste for sure; this was really good.  Thin like soup and plenty fatty despite being loaded with meat with notes of onion; tomato; and vinegar at the fore while mint and garlic came through on the palate this was another place that some extra bread would have been welcomed as far too much broth remained at the end.Mille Feuille: $7. While I contest this should have been referred to as a Napoleon I guess it really doesn't matter because regardless of nationality what we received was flaky pastry wrapped around lightly sweetened pastry cream.  Clearly not as transcendent as some of the a la minute options being turned out elsewhere as this one had been stored in the chiller all day I have to say I was largely impressed by the separation of the layers and lack of sogginess.Rhum Baba: $2 each.  Also straight from the chilled case these traditional baba were everything one could hope from the classic dish - a buttery ball of pastry drown in rum; a sledgehammer of flavor up front with a buttery sweet finish; at one bite each I'm pretty sure I'd have been tipsy with a half dozen.Struffoli: $4.  Another very traditional selection you don't really see all that often at Italian markets or bakeries these marble sized pastry balls were crisp on the outside; soft on the inside; and absolutely dredged in honey.  A stark textural juxtaposition to the baba which was soft throughout I personally enjoyed these a lot; though having sat for a while the honey had begun to harden which made them a bit difficult to extract from the small dish.Cornetti: $2.50.  Golden crisp on the outside; buttery caverns within; and fortunately a brand new batch when I ran back in to make my purchase this warm nutella croissant was the highlight of the sweets for me - a strong contender for best croissant in town that remained fluffy despite the chocolate-hazenut filling while the exterior shattered to the tooth.Sfogliatelle: $3.  Lightly citrus thanks to the use of candied lemon peel; even crispier than the cornetti on the outside; and a pillow of ricotta smoothness within - if you go to Andreoli and don't order one of these you're missing out...as a matter of fact; I'd go so far as to suggest that this item alone is worth a visit to Andreoli as it was every bit as good as any I've ever tasted on either coast (admittedly having not yet been to Italy.) Schiacciata uva: $4.  I'd never tried this prior to Andreoli's and; as a matter of fact; I'd never even seen it.  Quite simply a focaccia base with fresh grapes placed at the center prior to baking thus allowing the juices to infuse the dough as it cooked this was sweet; light; and full of flavor - the sort of dish that would be easy to whip up for a party and equally easy to dress up in any number of variations.The Verdict:  Fresh; rustic; and very authentic this one definitely goes on the 'under the radar' list and while I'm unable to speak to Andreoli's quality during normal business hours I can only say that based on what I experienced at the Christmas festival I'm eager to return.
We were carrying many items around and didn't get offer a shopping bag!!! Terrible services!!
Perfectly fine if you just want a casual seafood dinner; the fish is good; it is red lobster and you are going to get basic seafood done well.  Don't expect anything too haute and you won't be disappointed.  Shrimp fest is the best reason to go.
Oh; brother! The grocery prices here are OBSCENE! Very sad that there is so very little competition in the entire Valley of the Sun for quality food.  I mean; the old co-op way down in Tempe has been gone many years now. And Wild Oats was summarily gobbled up by this multi-national corporate behemoth.  In addition to grocery prices; the quality of their deli foods have gone downhill ... that food is now just sort of low frequency; if you know what I mean.  If not; oh well.  Sure; this place is fun. But; really?  I mean REALLY? When you do see comparable items the cost is a full 33 percent more than Trader Joes.  Gag.
I HIGHLY recommend that you do not drive through this location.  Both times I have had two people in front of me but wait for 20 minutes to be serviced!  The service inside is way faster.I really enjoy the Chili Cheese Fries with no red chili; add green chili sauce and cheese.  Yummm!!!  $2.79 and it fills me up and I leave happy.They also offer a macho sized fresh brewed iced tea with lemon for only 79 cents.
I've known about Noble Beast ever since they opened; but haven't had much occasion to shop there.  This recently changed.  My 11-year-old golden retriever has been experiencing digestive issues for months.  I have been making her homemade food with chicken; brown rice; kale; yams; etc.; but I long for the simplicity of feeding her kibble again.  I went to the Certified Local Festival recently; and the shop had a booth there.  They were very generous with samples; and I found a kibble Tallullah seemed to be able to tolerate.  I went to the shop a week later; coudln't remember the name of the food; but a very comely young lad steered me in the right direction!  We found a grain-free kibble that works for my dog.  Noble Beast also has a loyalty program; and you don't need to carry another wallet-busting card to take advantage of it.  The service is great; and the atmosphere is wonderful.
I've found that Outback isn't consistent from one location to another.  Based on this visit I would say this location is good.  The service was good; and the food was very good.  It's nothing fancy.  Just a steakhouse.  But a good steakhouse.  I had a steak; my wife had the prime rib sandwich; and the kid had a burger.  All were happy with their choices.I liked the flavor of the fries; but they weren't crispy at all.  My wife didn't like them as well because of that.  She likes a soft crunch of the outer part and a tender inside.  It wasn't as big a deal for me; but I agree with her that is the ideal fry.  But they still tasted good.We will likely return.
I guess this is the best mall option for people in the west valley.  A lot of places around Arrowhead also make it an attractive shopping and dining destination.  Pretty much all of the big box and anchor stores are in the mediate area; although driving across Bell at anytime of the day can be a major headache.  I think it could be a lot better.  Then again; it could be a lot worse.  Arrowhead Towne Center itself could use a little bit of an update.  It was built in the 90's; but feels even older.
I am a fan; I don't go to a bar and expect fantastic food; or do I order the $10.00 wings. My family and I go there for the amazing little kid area in the back of the dining room full of toys and Nintendo Wiis for the kids to keep themselves entertained while the parents sit in the booths surrounded by all their favorite sporting events on nice large flat screens.Finally; a sporty bar / resturant  that understands that the majority of their clientelle are mostly young familites which have young children. great job on figuring that one out. we spend lots of money there just because of that feature. Their wait staff isn't very good at all; and even with the complementary valet; it can still take 5-10 minutes to get your car on a busy night; but with that being said; we still find ourselves going there almost weekly for the ok food because it's so very kid friendly. Oh yea; and our favorite thing on the menu; the southwest chicken eggrolls; they took off the menu; go figure.
Amazing food; and friendly owner!  My wife is a vegan and this is the only place I trust to make her birthday cake.  The owner is really invested in making food that everyone will enjoy.  Salted caramel cupcakes are fantastic!
Great service. Great sushi! Recommend sitting at the sushi bar. Got to try the viva Las Vegas roll! Almost too pretty to eat!
I was in the mood to stick to a budget on an afternoon full of fun with the kiddo. Impossible you say? Not quite. This place was worth the drive up to Scottsdale.Not bad for the price of admission; it was $10 for me and the kiddo was free (for those under 2) for al day access to the carousel and train ride. There are large picnic/birthday party areas and playgrounds as well. There were plenty of crowds for the lines for both the train and carousel; but not bad; it was not bad; maybe 15 minutes per ride.The park has a museum; shop and plenty of space to run around and indulge in vintage trains and gear. The striped train conductor hat souvenir was $10 and the buttered popcorn was $1.50. We can't wait to go back.
We had such a great time on the patio!  The food was wonderful and the service perfect.  Would recommend this place in a heart beat.
Every time I am in Scottsdale; I come in here at least once. The food is fantastic; and the drinks are great; too. I love the space; & the dark wood beams against a light wall w/ dim lighting make it a spot for any occasion. The staff is very friendly & accommodating; & they will ensure you enjoy your visit. I HIGHLY recommend the Chopped Salad & the duck (if available); but all the food is wonderful. I highly recommend to anyone.
Friday1/4/13  5PM... wait staff is ALWAYS overwhelmed when ever we come here.  There was not wait to be seated but the wait and kitchen staff are like chickens with their heads cut off.We sat for 15 minutes before we were able to order drinks and the waiter quickly ran off before we could get our appetizers order placed... He showed up 10 minutes later with our wine and then it took another 20 minutes to get the appetizers without one (Pan Shrimp) with the excuse that the fryer is all backed up (remember it's only 5 PM on Fri). The Salmon Sashimi was NOT good. While there was a huge amount It was not Sashimi quality ... in fact; it was almost white in color; bland and hard to describe texture.... more Wasabi helped hide it so I could choke it down. If I want the kind of raw salmon; I can get it at the super market.  The fried calamari was tough as was the calamari in the Iron Pot Nabeyaki Udon seafood (as usual; the last time we though it was the exception but apparently; its the rule here). I can't remember when I have ever left fried calamari on my plate. I simply couldn't continue to chew this stuff. Iron Pot Nabeyaki Udon seafood was tasty but the amount of actual seafood was dramatically smaller then past visits. They claim shrimp; scallops; calamari; clams fish and vegetables but no shrimp; fish or vegetables were present. One piece of calamari was so big; tough and chewy that I couldn't eat it... not sure what part of the squid that was from.  When I commented to the waiter asking what the deal was with the calmari that is was like shoe leather; he said he didn't know and ran off (with the 1/2 eaten plate of Calamari.The panko shrimp was very good as was the chicken parm my dinner companion ordered (what a contrast to Asian menu items). Perhaps he was onto something.I have eaten here a number of times and the same problems seem to be on going.  I will avoid in the future or at least these menu items.
This company is garbage. I run a tight shift on my money and know how much I have at all times. They allowed my money to sit in a none existing account with out saying anything and tried billing me again for a different account. I'm sorry that's called STEALING. Glad that the employes of this hole can go to bed at night and be okay with that. You all disgust me.
I have been to a number of dentists and I was not pleased by this place...they kept us waiting for over an hour; then didn't even get to finishing my husband's teeth. They said they would reschedule him for the following weekend; then cancelled and never reconfirmed his appointment! When I tried to do it for him; they wouldn't let me. So disappointed.
Very helpful. Almost always has the merchandise I am looking for. Prices are fair. Quality of merchandise is excellent.
Probably the best 'non-prime' steaks we've had in the valley.  I had the rib-eye and my wife had the filet; both slightly over cooked but the bark / seasoning is wonderful & they were tender & juicy.  Even though I'm a rib-eye lover; next time I am getting the filet; it was wonderful.The Texas onion was just okay; no where near as good as Outbacks but acceptable but I dont think I would get it again.Loved the atmosphere ; service was above average & prices are in line.  Definitely give it a try.
This Sprouts took over the Sunflower Farmers Market over the summer. There have been a few changes made with the new store. I like that there's a few more new products. There seems to be more to choose from. More selection overall with produce and a few shelved items like salad dressing and wine. I'm finding the prices to be slightly more than Sunflower though. They certainly don't rank up there with Whole Foods prices; and a lot of their produce is still cheaper than the Frys on the same street. I'm still a huge fan of the bulk section for saving $$$ I'm so glad they didn't get rid of that! Staff is helpful; especially the produce guys!!!
Had lunch at my mothers; no not talking bout my moms place; ha had a sandwich with mac salad. It was okay; have had better sandwiches elsewhere; my homie had some chicken wings; they looked and smelled yummy. Saw the ladies across the way order spaghetti; definitely on my to order list when I make it back to mothers.
12-14-2012--I'm paranoid about my hair. More than paranoid--freakish to the point that I used to fly to Portland to get the color/cut just PERFECT. As in Super-Model perfect; when I walked out the door. My gf; gets her color done here...so as far as ease of scheduling; I was seen within 1 week. Very cool. 4 stars so far. We shall see how the end result looks. I am hopefully optimistic. Stay tuned.
The food was good but not outstanding. The service lacked efficiency; attention; and enthusiasm. When a waiter brings you food and does not know what it is; it clearly displays a lack of training. Overall; the experience left me desiring more
We love RigaTony's! It's always clean and the staff is always very friendly. The inevitable 30 minute wait on a Friday or Saturday night is worth it.Their fried zucchini is wonderful and we always get the RigaTony pasta; its delicious! Also their Apple Bread Pudding is OUT OF THIS WORLD and if they ever remove if from the menu again my husband vows to picket them. lol That is actually one of the reason's I'm giving them a 5 star. The fact that they listened to their customers who were begging for the Apple Bread Pudding to be put back on the menu shows they actually do care. As long as they keep the apple bread pudding (that my husband would lose a limb for) we'll keep coming back!
Been a patron for years. Eat- In and Carry-Out; never a tab below $50. Disappointed again last night for the last time. Food was inedible; we joked that we should feed it to our dog; but we really love our dog; threw it away. Shrimp Emperial; $18.95; Shrimp was clearly frozen too long and tainted the whole watery; bland dish with bad fish smell. Baked Ziti; $10.95; watery; bland; have had better from a can. Biggest disappointment... Antipasto Misto; $10.95 for Oscar Meyer and Rubbery Caprese. Really sad because it used to be a great neighborhood restaurant; now its perfect if you're from out of town; don't like good Italian; and will never be back.
This place is awesome.  It's at a great location and easy to get to.  From the moment we walk in; we are greeted with a smile and a great attitude.  We've been here twice and each time has been great.  They serve thin crust pizza.  Try the Capicola.  They also brew their own beer plus they offer guest taps; which they change up ever so often.  Everyone is friendly and we love this place.
Great place!  Love the atmosphere.  Like the variety of activities!
Was driving on Baseline this morning and noticed the car was not driving smoothly so I pulled over to check and saw I had a flat. Fortunately I was in the Discount Tires lot when I pulled over so I went inside and had them take care of the tire. The tire was not repairable but they had an exact replacement in stock. I bought the new tire with warranty and had my wheels balanced and tires rotated while I was there. They got everything done very quickly and I was on my way. I liked the fast friendly service.
Reservation time is not being followed. Had reservation for 8:00 pm was seated 8:30 pm. Service was Great service;  johnathan was the server. Superior service
Been here multiple times; never disappointed.  (only for breakfast)I'm a breakfast fanatic; it's my favorite meal to eat out.  Breakfast sandwich is a good size.  Husband had the Hawaiian Breakfast; and he could barely eat it all.  Tater tots are crisp and delicious and I'm not a big tater tot person.  Nice patio; relaxing and enjoyable.
Came here this past spring training to watch the A's play the Royals.Surprise Stadium is a beautiful venue.  I also appreciated how the stadium was very clean and well maintained.We arrived at the ballpark probably about two hours before the game was scheduled to start; so parking was easy since we were some of the first fans there.  Parking was free and volunteers directed us on where to park.  We were staying in a hotel in Chandler; so the drive from the hotel to the ballpark was about an hour or so.We had field level seats in Section 106 which were in the shade.  There's a second deck that's almost entirely in the shade; but there are also plenty of field level seats (the ones closer to home plate) available that are out of the sun if that's what you are looking for.Although the stadium is nice; the food could really use some major improvement.  The food options are plentiful enough; but the quality of the food is really below par.  During the game; I had a toasted turkey sandwich; fries; a soft pretzel; and a frozen iced tea.  The turkey sandwich wasn't very good; pretty much packaged turkey meat; shredded lettuce; and ranch dressing in between toasted bread.  I've had frozen packaged fries that were better than the fries served here.  The pretzel was decent and the frozen iced tea was good.The volunteers that work at the stadium were really nice and I got to talk to a couple of them who told me where they were from and why they now live in AZ.Overall; this stadium provides a great atmosphere for taking in a spring training game.
Great service at a great price. Much rather support these guys and get good service than run the risk of going to Best Buy. These guys really care that you are satisfied with your purchase and want to make sure you come back if you need anything else. I would recommend this shop to any of my friends!
The menu and food here was great! The service; was horrible! I think for a sandwich shop downtown; you should be able to work quickly; be friendly; not get flustered however; the staff the day I went in had none of those things going for them. And worse; were very un-apologetic for being so! I repeated my order (a simple turkey sandwich) to 3 different people and 4 times total. As I repeated it a 2nd time to the 3rd person; she said Ok; I got it! when I repeated it louder than the first time I told her. (My fault apparently) Then we waited for them to figure out who had what sandwich; one came out before the other (my friend's) The whole situation was way too frustrating. But unfortunately; I loved my food so I will most likely go back and hope for a better experience!
OMG OMG! We got to finally come here and let me tell you they have a customer for life! I ordered the bruschetta plate (warm artichoke spread and tomato jam with sheeps milk cheese were like heaven in my mouth) the tomato jam tastes like Christmas! Haha! My husband got the BLT panini and I got cheddar potato soup; all of which were amazing too! The service was amazing! This place really has it together. The only thing I wish they had was a couple higher dollar wines. The wines they have are fair. I would like to see a Justin or Duckhorn on their menu for those that want some extraordinary wine! But of course that will not stop me from going back! My mouth is watering thinking about the next time!
One of the best; if not the best sushi in East Valley. Service was excellent. Family-owned business and able to answer all questions. Atmosphere and decor were high-end but comfortable; music couldn't have been better. Happy Hour menu could use some more items; however that's not why we choose to eat there. Love; love; loved Chirashi Sushi bowl. Special strawberry custard crepe dessert was amazing! Definitely adding to my favorite sushi restaurants; can't wait to go back.
I can find just about anything ethnic here. Only downfall is that its not that close to me! I am always finding myself taking my time looking through all the aisles. I'm in AWWWWWW. Customer service is always nice even if there is a language barrier with some; but have the patience because you can communicate through other methods and they lead you to the right direction. BTW the Boba Station that is in the market...I do NOT recommend the Vientamese Iced coffee. I was reluctant in purchasing it since they weren't Vietnamese but reassured that it is Vietnamese coffee. I ordered it and it was super scorched/burnt like and bitter and they served it to me and it was super DARK; almost an ebony color when truly it is a richer mocha in color from the condensed milk. I ordered the large and was $5. Pretty pricey when I am accustomed to the same size at other places for $2.50 or under.
Been there several times for lunch and the food has been consistently wonderful although their chips are a bit too salty for me.  The place is small but efficient; you see no waste of space.  Yes sometimes you get your own water and clean your own table- no big deal!  Outdoor seatings are great for Phoenix weather. Overall; It's cute and friendly.  Nothing luxurious but intimate space and modest establishment.   We need more places like this one here.
I love this Fry's! The employees are friendly and very helpful. Prices are always good! There deli has so many options. I like this one also because it is just food and not a marketplace!
Have missed having a Cine Capri around throughout my adolescent years because I did see a few movies at the original Cine Capri in Biltmore area in the 1990s as a wee kid. I have probably only seen about 10 movies or so at this theatre but it is always a great experiences. The best seats probably have to be on the row just below the walkway in the middle. Right there because one can see the whole screen without other seats getting in the way.
A lot of people say lawyers are like sharks; but I wouldn't say that about Aaron Kelly. He's more like a bear - warm and fuzzy; but fierce when necessary.I consult with a variety of clients on internet marketing topics; and I don't hesitate to call on Aaron Kelly for questions about relevant laws and emerging areas of concern to my clients. He knows his stuff; and he's an all-around pleasant guy to deal with. I can't comment on his partner; but the guy can't be all bad if he works with Aaron.As an example; I have one client in the online dating industry. Because they work with numerous third-party marketing partners (affiliates); I called on Aaron to do a brief call with the client and myself to go over things they can do to minimize their liability. Not only did he answer all their questions; but he also gave me a great recommendation for a donut place next time I'm in Austin.
Super great service! Generous portions and super friendly staff. Fresh ingredients and tasty flavors! The atmosphere was warm and trendy and prices were very reasonable. I recommend 'the Stache' wrap and mixed berry chicken salad! Great find! New lunch spot for sure!
We loved this place! Beautifully decorated; nice ambience; and incredible food. Service was a bit slow; but the food was worth the wait. No liqueur license yet; supposedly coming. We hope this restaurant makes it; that's why we're putting the word out! There are so many mediocre restaurants in the valley that just are not worth the money. This place is; and has the potential of becoming the go to Indian restaurant in town.
The staff is incredibly friendly; warm; and welcoming. We pay $35/month--with 1 month free and $5 off the monthly fee. The monthly fee is bi-weekly. There is a $39 once a year charge aka rainy day fee which is fine... I'm basically paying $3.50 extra a month at once. So what? About a year ago we were members to the YMCA up the street from Golds and it was more expensive--I think $60/month. Without nearly as many perks; see below.My only issue is the lack of enough treadmills/bikes (hence; 4 stars). This sounds weird; because it looks like there are plenty; but I don't spin (yet) and there are relatively few non-spinning bikes. Especially during rush hours. If you go with a friend; it can be hard to get treadmills next to each other to motivate each other as we go.There was slight miscommunication during a personal training session; but it has (hopefully) now been resolved. If you come to Cityscape for an event and need validation without working out; they'll be happy to do that for you too.A gym feeds insecurities so I don't pay attention to posts related to issues like that when I sign up.Things I love about my membership:-- I can go to any Gold's-- They have Cardio Cinema... bikes/treadmills in a full-size movie theater setting-- Mini snack area-- Shampoo/conditioner/razors/deodorant in the showers
I haven't been inside this location yet; but I have been to the drop-off zone approximately a bazillion times. The employees are always there to greet me and help remove anything from my car. I've dropped off clothes; shoes; lamps; dishes; more clothes and anything else that I wanted to donate. I'll definitely visit inside to see what kind of deals I may find. This Goodwill is on the SEC of N 16th St and Indian School.
If you are looking for a friendly local bagel maker that really knows how to make home made chicken noodle soup and wonderful speads for his homemade bagels-you need to look no further. Super comfortable local vibe in the Paseo Shopping Center in McCormick Ranch-these folks moved from Kansas City many years ago and started their own shop. So if you dream of real bagels; lox and cream cheese-this is the place.
I was excited to visit this vegetarian restaurant during a recent visit after reading great reviews on yelp and I was not disappointed!I had the ginger/citrus ribs and in a word; it was YUMMY.
Have went back a couple times since our visit with poor service and have enjoyed it just as much as previous visits. Back at the top of our go to places list. Love the Happy Hour!
It's Applebee's which gives you some expectations but not a lot. We came for a late dinner. Server was great which means a lot. I had a sort of healthy fish dish; low in calories. It wasn't great but was ok. My wife had ribs and was disappointed
Spare your tummy and skip this resturant.
i drop fuel here
I love the food and atmosphere of the parlor!  The servers are really friendly and provide great service even when they are busy.  I had the pesto pasta which was really tasty and the budino for dessert which was delicious.  My only complaint is that I think the drink prices are a bit on the high side compared to other similar restaurants in central Phoenix.
I absolutely LOVE this event. It is truly something special. You must visit and if you can as an annual ritual during the month of December when the Luminarias is featured. There is a lot of work that goes into making this place so lit up and beautiful including all the volunteers and all the live bands and cooks for this event. If you are a Phoenix resident it pays to join the yearly Botanical Gardens membership. FREE parking. The entrance fee for this event is $25; however you are honored a $5 discount as a member.  I also recommend their buffet. It is only $17.95 a full course dinner meal; desert and beverage. Their spiced apple cider is addicting! Gorgeous grounds at night while it is lit up and they change the sculptures that are featured throughout the event from a particular Artist. I LOVE this place! :)
The food was tasty and the happy hour very reasonable; but my father ordered a rum and coke during happy hour and I think the drink cost 8 dollars. I was surprised to see how expensive it was on the tab. The well rum was captain Morgan (not that good- 14 dollars a bottle). So Gallo charged 60% of the bottle cost for a shot of rum. Seriously?    The restaurant felt odd; but I can't put my finger on it. I probably will not return.
Dude this shit's hurtin.
I've lived in the area for 9 years and have paid $100's of dollars numerous times for batteries; gold chain repair; crystal on watches; ring re-sizing;etc. I've been a Fast Fix customer for the duration- not because they are reasonable; -NOT. Never again.  I've been to see Eddie ( professional and very likable) 3 times in the last month; total of:        6 batteries ($5 each) Fast Fix; your choice $21 or $29!; ~installed less than 3 min each~        New crystal on a Bulova Men's watch & Mickey Mouse Watch ($25 each crystal- band repair - no charge) Fast Fix quote for crystal and repair band $125.          Gold ring re-sized 7 to 8.5 and gold chain repair- $50 - Fast Fix $150. It was returned in brand new excellent condition shinny polished condition!        I've also taken in a very old antique pocket watch; in which he said; due to the old mechanics of it; and setting device- I couldn't be repaired.  Upfront and honest.     When he keeps the jewelry to repair; his $ estimate and time promised is accurate.     Cash only.  Eddie is a busy man; and his clients seem to all value and trust his work ethics.       You won a life customer; Eddie; well at least you and I both live in the area!  Thank you for restoring my trust in jewelry repair/dealers!
Saw Lincoln at a matinee showing for $5. There was 3 other people in the auditorium. Great movie; clean theater; fresh popcorn; nice theater people; and nearly a private showing. What's not to like?
AMAZING burgers! This place is; hands down; one of THE best burger joints I have ever tried. It's a build-your-own-burger style picking everything from the meat; bun; cheese; 4 toppings and 2 sauces. I recommend the roasted garlic on the burger - I tried it for my first time and loved it. You also get a choice of side with your burger all for exactly $7. No tax either!We've been there twice the past two weeks and had the same great service from the extremely friendly ladies up front and of course the delicious burgers were just as we expected. We also tried a fish taco today (Fridays only) and that was amazing as well!In-N-Out who? Five Guys what? Smashburger?? .... Two Hippies are on an entirely different level!!
This place is awful - I waited 10 minutes for a preassembled chili dog to be thrown in a microwave. This questionable cooking technique saturated the roll in grease and made it too hot to hold on my hands; requiring the use of a fork and knife to eat a hot dog. The airport should throw this vendor out and get a restaurant of some sort to replace it - perhaps a Nathan's???
Finally decided to try this place out since its next to my coffee place.  I though it was pretty good and the service was quick and friendly.  They were pretty busy and the place was clean too. I got the Jersey Shores Favorite and thought it was pretty good and I liked that they sliced the meat right then and there.....no opening the package in front of you like another sandwich place!  I will definitely be back!
AMF Mesa Lanes is very similar in fashion to all of the AMF bowling lanes around the country that I have been to.  There are a couple of distinct reasons to why I give a lower rating. The overall service was okay because it seemed to take longer than usual to get us going to bowling.  There were not too many people that night.  Lastly; they took away our pitchers of beer at least 30 minutes before close.  I am not sure if this is protocol; but we had a designated driver and our drunk friends could have finished the beer.
The bacon s'mores are amazing!!  Great atmosphere and great service!  It ended up being Dine AZ when I came here and I had the shrimp salad with the braised beef and the coconut cake.  Although the food was decent; I could skip it all and just get the desserts next time.  The s'mores are a lil on the salty side and there's no way I could finish it on my own but the cake was spongy and delicious!  Portions are on the bigger side.  You could tell its a great place to hang out and grab a drink as well.  Plus; it's next to my favorite dry cleaners.
I have been to BLD 4 times and I have to say it is kind of a wreck.  It is an upscale diner in a place filled with casual dining.  It is overly complicated and expensive.My first expirience was a happy hour that didn't bring me back until a work lunch.  The sandwich then was soggy on the bottom.  A coworker had the same order as me but his serving was tiny in comparison.My daughters and I stopped in after a bike ride recently and split some of the house potato chips (that don't seem to be on the menu).  They have a blue chees sauce and Frank's hot sauce which the server said we could get on the side.  Since my young girls don't like spicy food; we did.  The chips were good and fun but I think cheddar would be a good alternative to the blue cheese.I went back with my family to sit on the patio and have apps.  They do not have heat on the patio which one server described as small but really isn't.We asked our waiter for the house chips and it took several trips to the kitchen before he understood what we wanted and figured out they could make them (at first he said they were out of the sauce).    We forgot to ask for the hot sauce on the side and he didn't think to recommend it.Aside from the chips we had the zucchini with red chili aioli; the house salad; calamari and bacon and parm fettuccini.The zucchini was a decent value at $5 HH prices but the sauce seemed more like ketchup and mayo than red chili aioli.  The house salad was also a decent value and $5.50 but the the candied nuts were heavy handed and overly seasoned.  The calamari was well done but the sause with just yellow with a bit of heat and seemed to be about $2 too much at $9.25.  It really added nothing.  Even Carraba's has a better sauce.  The fettuccini was loaded with a ridiculous amount of bacon and was outrageously priced at $14.25 for some bacon; red onion; noodles and cheese.  Cut out 70% of the bacon and take $5 off the price please.  When we left the place at 6:30pm there were only a couple of tables working and a couple of people at the bar while UB's and Oregano's was packed.  With other gems like Pitta Souvli in the area I think BLD needs to find a way to be more competitive if they want to stay in business.
Our family loves Liberty Market for breakfast.  My husband and I  split the breakfast quesadilla; which makes the portion perfect for us.  The salsa is tasty.  The potatoes are a little heavy on the onions; but I don't like onions at all.  So; the onion thing is more a personal problem than Liberty's recipe because my daughter LOVES the potatoes.  We have only had lunch/dinner items a time or two.  I remember the burger being pretty tasty and again; we something we were able to split. The atmosphere is nice and fits the quaint area of old town Gilbert.  The outside seating is very pleasant.  This is going to sound weird; but go to the bathroom; even if you don't have to actually go.
With its remodeling; this Walgreens has undergone a strange and wonderful transformation that is probably best viewed at 11 p.m. on the night before a major holiday. I may have to go back on Christmas Eve to confirm this hypothesis.The deal here is that drugstores; convenience stores; dollar stores; grocery stores; and discount department stores (Target; Walmart) all want each other's business and are gradually transforming into one another. So this Walgreens is sort of a baby Walmart: smaller! cuter! friendlier! oh-so-adorbs! let's chuck it under its sweet dimpled chin and buy lots of seasonal candy!While rival CVS has gone the route of wide aisles with cheerful-yet-strangely-useless signage; Walgreens is packing the merchandise in. The experience is much more like the drugstores I remember fondly as a child: narrow aisles; tons o' stuff; and you never know what you'll find. It has gone hogwild for minor convenience electronics -- the stuff like car adapters and chargers where it's a pain to figure out what store even to try. Also: walls of Ferro Rocher! There may be a real niche here for what I want is too specialized for QT or Circle K to carry it; but if I have to face Walmart or the grocery store or the mall; I'm gonna cry shoppers. Keep an eye out for the house brands that are now being featured prominently (nice!; de-lish; savings with a smile); as the pricing on these can be really; really good. In a sensible move; this Walgreens has recognized that people who are buying cat litter; batteries; lipstick; cold medication; bourbon; and orange juice at 4 a.m. are not people in any shape to figure out how to queue. The cash registers are approached by a cattle run built from candy and small-electronics displays; and as a person who's recently endured the Camelback/16th CVS's Queue of Mass Confusion; I am grateful that there is no ambiguity about where to line up and who's next.I want to see what happens with the displays when Christmas is no longer dominant before I get too giddy; but this store looks to have become a lot of fun.
Yuuuum. I went to the preview night for this hotel. A few menu items were still being worked out but I able to try their shrimp; lettuce rice paper wrap with peanut sauce; pate with garlic crackers and pork baguette mini sandwiches. For this area to be more what Phoenix may call the financial district it's cool to see some life next to Hotel San Carlos and Seamus. I suggest stopping by for a nice dinner or lunch if you're in the area. It's awesome that the Hotel San Carlos has a restaurant in the hotel again and will be a nice alternative to the few places to grab a bite in this corner of my fabulous city. Cheers!
Cold as hell!!!  But great time.
I took the fam here based off the photos other yelpers posted. Getting there was quick n easy considering its downtown; walked in to a 20 min wait; place was packed; so we had a couple drinks from the bar; bloody mary is what did me right; so good i had 2. finally sat down to eat; ordered the roasted corn; some guac with the chips; had all five of the tacos they serve; (pork one was my fav) enjoyed all of em even the veggie. my kids had a carne asada burrito each; they were nice sized burritos; mostly; a burrito is 90% tortilla n 9% of filling. yuck; not the white rooster; they hooked it up. after tasting the food. it was no wonder the place was packed on a tuesday nite; not to mention all day happy hour on tuesdays; woot!! this place is my new favorite place to chow n entertain taco-doodle doo!
I stopped here very early this year I think; I had to make some copies at Fedex and I saw the sign while leaving... good excuse to not have to cook.I ordered gyros to go; and they took a really long time; don't remember why... but I was talking on the phone with a friend and that was not that bad.The cashier girl was very friendly and offered me a cup to drink something (since they took so long)...But it was worth it; the gyros were really good; lots and lots of meat... and the fries were good too.And; I forgot about this place... until I had to make some more copies earlier this week... Hopefully I will remember to try them for lunch as it is fairly close to the office.
If anyone were to come here make sure you deal with Tony Gunn... He is by far the most polite and easiest person to deal with here at discount.
I loved the 'Old' Down Under when it was in Chandler and actually had great wine and food; sadly the change of location and owner has not done anything to improve it. I visited a couple weeks ago to see if it had picked up and found an even more limited selection of both food and wine. We sat by the ' fireplace' on the wall hoping for a comfortable evening..it wasnt going to happen with those chairs and table....served by someone so not into it; several food choices were unavailable; as were wines. Location in the bar was dark and so cold and having spoken to 2 other couples at nearby tables it was decided that taking our business to any other place would be the way to go. Down Under was awesome when it was in its old Chandler location; when it still served good food and croc pot stickers; and actually had a good wine selection. I dont know what the new owners did; but it wasnt a move in the right direction.....
Hands down; one of the funnest runs I have ever done! The price was great considering the price included an amazing finisher's mug full of chocolate; food; and HOT chocolate; and not to mention an awesome wind breaker. (NOTE: the women's sizes were more like teen sizing and ran small. I'm about a size 6-8 and ended up getting a woman's XL; but they let you try on and exchange no problem!) Packet pick up was quick in/out with about 8 sale booths to check out. It's fun to sometimes look at all the sports-related stuff; and other upcoming runs. Day of the run was seamless! I live about two miles away; so parking was a breeze coming from the city side. I had friends coming from off the freeway who said traffic was not fun; but the promoters told participants to get there early to avoid traffic (listen!). The race started on time by 3 minute corals which was great; congestion was a little bad around the first turn/straight away and needs to be fixed next year; as it hindered times a little bit. Other than that; no other complaints! The course was flat and marked well; the finish line had great support; photographers; and fantastic entertainment. The chocolate Santa DJ was a hit. We never waited for anything; even the restrooms! I can't wait to sign up next year and bring more friends! It was festive being so close to the holidays! Thank you Hot Chocolate 15k/5k!
We have come here a few times in the past year; and we really liked it a lot!So we decided to come here for our END of the WORLD Dinner.Of course the world did not end because; I am writing this review; but the dinner was still great!The staff laughed when we told them why we were there. They said people had been saying that all day long when they were coming in for lunch and dinner.We had all you can eat Crab Legs with Clarified Butter. They were divine.I wish we could of found all you can eat lobster; but you can't have everything. We were lucky to find this place.Not only did I have crab; but also prime rib; trout and spicy catfish(totally fabulous). Their mashed Potatoes are real and the gravy is so worth it.I feel like I am in Vegas when I go to this place; I love it.Plus; they have fabulous desserts of all types.I love the fruit tarts; Mario loved the Banana pie. This place is so diffidently worth your time and attention. give it a try. Since we are all still here and loving life.
it has been a while since i have been there - - went for lunch and had the chicken tequila - - it was as good as it used to be.  great new menu choices and still good as ever.
I have been to the W Scottsdale; but never stayed here; since I live in Scottsdale. My gf came in and got a suite; so I stayed with her. The W is a great place and they will accommodate you for whatever you want. I heard someone complaining about hangers. Yes they had like 5 there and we laughed... but we called down and asked for TWENTY (20) and they brought them right up haha it was great. We needed an extension cord; they brought it up. They were not up to the iphone 5 yet; so my girlfriend was frustrated they were iphone4 only friendly.  They did have Bose surround system and iphone4 pod stations in a few areas of the hotel. The suite we had did not come with a bath; which was disappointing; you had to upgrade to a bath suite..weird I thought. The suite was on the same floor as the pool and gym; which was nice. We could walk out our door and go to the pool; which was covered with a fake ice rink. We had access to the Phoenician to swim; if we wanted...BUT who wants to go over to another pool. I would not have used the pool; because it was too cold; however she did want to use it. (This was about a month ago we stayed) The staff was ever so friendly and always there to help. I would stay there again. They come in; in the evening and turn down your lights; pull your throw pillows off the bed. They adjust your room for bedtime. It is very comforting and try and make it more like home. I love that. I would highly recommend the W and would stay there anytime. Oh and the water is bad everywhere...unfortunately that is AZ. for you. hahaThe W in Hollywood is great as well; stayed there over the summer. Will write a review later; since VERY behind on reviews.Thank you W for making it a great stay!
I choose to recognize awesome.  I choose to recognize greatness in the common man; or woman hair cuttress in this instance.  I choose to scream it to the heavens that Debbie is a goddess of the hair cutting arts.  She is all there is and all there will ever be.  She is the standard by which all hair cutresses should aspire to be.  I will never let another touch my hair again.  For I; and my hair and my family's hair are with Debbie; forever...
Amazing meal. We all liked our plates! So glad to have Franco back!
I Had some major repairs done on a very neglected truck. They completed them in a very timely maner and at a price we agreed on with no surprises.  My truck has never been better. I will definitely be back.  The service was excceptional
I decided to go with their namesake sandwich...the Vermonter. It was really good. I had 1/2 sandwich 1/2 side of cole slaw. The slaw was good but not great. I wished I had ordered the whole sandwich! I'll be back!
Ace is a great place to go when you are working on little projects aound the house. They cater to homeowners; not contractors. The staff are friendly and always willing to help. Even though it is further from my house than Lowe's or Home Depot; I can get in and out of Ace much faster. The main reason I go here is because they carry Benjamin Moore paint; which I think is a higher quality than the big box store brands.
Ate at the Mission twice during our stay in the area.  Both times we had very good food and drinks; great service - we will go back again when in the area.
Seasonal beers can be quite good. The regular beers are OK to mediocre. Food is typical for bars but kind of pricey.They don't offer entertainment unless your idea of fun is to sit in front of the bar and watch ESPN.
My son and I just visited this location yesterday for dinner. We sat in the bar area and had great service. I had a special drink request; and the bartender had no problems with it. We asked to share an entree and it came that way to the table. When my son wasn't ready to eat it when it came; they offered to put it back under the lamps to keep it warm. When my son finally returned (from playing games) the waiter said that the manager didn't like the appearance of his entree; so they prepared him a brand new one. Now; that's service. We had a chicken w/shrimp dish. We got a $20 power play card and entree for $25. My only disappointment was that they got rid of the Deal or No Deal game!
Love; Love; Love this store. I could spend every last dime I have in here organizing everything in my house. This store has stuff I would have never even thought of! It is such a fun store for people who love containers; organizing; or just unique items. I have completly reorganized my linen closet with stuff bought from here and it is fantastic. They are very friendly and helpful as well. Prices are ok; a little high but the stuff is really good quality.
SOOOOOO! After an hour of waiting for the food; I decided to call and guess what? You guessed it...the food was just getting into the oven. i was then told another 15 minutes which ended up being 35 minutes. Never again!!!!
Stopped in with a few friends for our catching up time and had their coffee.  Really really good; and I think far superior to Starbucks (which is not hard to do I know) but these guys really do it right.  I like that each cup is made fresh.  Really good - will definitely be back.
Umm bacon popcorn and for the small fee of $2 how could I go wrong?  It was excellent bacon and added salt to the popcorn.  The popcorn really lacked any flavor so a handful is best enjoyed with some bacon to add the required saltiness.  I also heard great things about the pork belly pastrami so had to order it.  I really enjoyed this dish; in fact this is the best dish I had and will order it again.  If I could do it over I would just order this dish and my drinks and I would of gave it five stars.   However please read on....OK also ordered the Butternut Squash soup and it was ok.  Not really great; just an ok dish that I would never order again.  It just did not have any spectacular flavors or any wow factor like the pork belly pastrami.I also ordered the main entree short rib.  It came with a cherry sauce that I would never eat again.  If you smelled the cherry  sauce directly it would clear your sinuses.  It was so strong that if you inhaled it directly it would make you cough.  Not really an appetizing sauce.  It had a bitterness to  it that really was not good at all.  After coughing twice from breathing in the sauce with my short rib I stopped using it all together.  The short rib on its own was ok.  Not worth the coin and only an ok dish.  I would not order it again.The atmosphere of Citizen Public House is great.  Very lively and great service.  I plan on visiting again for happy hour to enjoy appetizers; pork belly pastrami and drinks.  I suggest you do the same.
Decent place for a night out. Was here on Saturday night and started out with a visit upstairs to the Shaker Room; which is an average size room with a DJ and big bar. Downstairs; it was raining; so not much action there; but someone did appear to be cooking something. Finally; a loud band was cranking out metal music in the bar. Had no idea that there were three different venues in one place; so that was a good touch. Of course; unless you get there at 8pm you will never find a parking spot; but if you can; then this is a great place to spend some of your evening.
I like to think of myself as a library connoisseur because; well; I like libraries and I've been to a fair number of them.  This library is awesome. It's clean; well maintained; and has lots and lots of computers.  There are sections for DVDs; blue-ray; series on DVDs; and of course; books.  But I'm going to let you in on a secret: you can go online and put anything you want on reserve for yourself (assuming you have a library card); and they will email you when your item is ready to pick up. And it's free!The staff has always been great. We love this library. I wish more of our tax payer money would go to fund services like these!
Visiting my daughter for the Holiday; I wanted a night off from cooking Christmas Eve and googled the top 10 Steakhouses in the Phoenix area. Donovan's was listed.Magazines also listed it among the top 10 steak houses in the country; so I thought it would be worth the money. I wasn't impressed and will not return.The place is pretty nice; quick valet service; great doorman. The best part of the evening was the wait staff. Friendly and professional; knowledgeable and attentive. All in all the ambiance was a solid four star rating. But when it comes to the food...The bread was hard and stiff. I don't know what type of bread is used; but it was probably not the best choice for a fine dining location. The taste wasn't bad but it was just too tough.My daughter did enjoy the spinach salad. The side of mushrooms were completely black; I'm not a mushroom connoisseur; perhaps it was simply the type of mushroom that bears such color; however; they tasted burned and were extremely dry. I ordered filet mignon; medium-well. What was brought to be was quite nearly jerky. I did not want to complain; however; this wasn't a meager $100 dinner; so I thought I should enjoy my meal given the price. I requested a re-fire; which was quickly handled. The second try was much better; but still only a 2 out of 5 stars. I enjoy filet; so I frequent every day establishments. I have to say Texas Roadhouse has a far superior cut than Donovan's. Perhaps I should stick to places like Ruths Chris and Morton's... I asked our waiter to recommend a wine for my daughter; which he did; and was wonderful. And I don't even care for wine. Apparently; their wine list is a huge point of note.  The wait staff was outstanding; and I found it very unfortunate that they must work in such a wonderful place; yet; are forced to serve such disappointing meals. If this place was half as expensive; it may be worth a 3 star; simply due the impeccable service; valet; and doorman. All in all; could be a great place for a drink; but avoid the food.
Taliesin West introduced me to Frank Lloyd Wright's lens on the Sonoran Desert.  The 1:30 hr tour was pricey; but worth it to see the interiors and further understand Wright's life and aesthetic mission here.  Wright's architecture frames and creates a symbiotic relationship with the desert.  It both creates a lens through which nature can be seen through art and the daily processes of human life and challenges the human to be jolted into interacting with unvarnished nature.  From occasionally drastically low ceilings to rock material in the walls that incorporates desert; indoor/outdoor corridors as one room snakes into an outdoor pyramid pool and back into another; rooms that open outward to nature; Frank Lloyd Wright melds challenging natural architecture; the urge to live aesthetically and beautifully; and a daily life that emphasizes both the communal and theoretical for students.  The cheerfully brick colored; but modernist interiors do not provide a glossy; contemporary escape from the tedium and majesty of nature; but frame a theoretical enjoyment of the theory of proportions against it.  The architectural art and the natural art jar with each other and co-exist; to create a living space where one lives artfully.As someone who escapes into beautifully designed interiors to dream of a flashy relief to certain tedium in life; I found this both jarring; yet it oddly made me happy.Wright wore the flashy; decisive; and well cut clothes (capes; pork pie hats; tweed suits) of an architect who understands the intersection of living and creating art that can be lived in.  His students lived in dwellings among nature and existed mostly communally; with communal meals; occasional art viewings and concerts; weekly fancy parties; and doing a lot of learning by doing.  The fancy and even wasteful; such as parties with celebrities and fleets of fancy cars; co-existed with the minimal and well curated architecture and sparse; well chosen art such as the beautifully scuffed and flawed Chinese opera tile scenes that mark the entrance to different rooms.  Taliesin West did not remain static; but changed as Frank Lloyd Wright made different decisions or had to put in glass or canvas to protect from weather; or as other people and his wife used it.  I often wonder about the lives of people that create art.  Whether they leave them in shambles; lead lives that have nothing to do with their artistic ideals; or strive to live artfully.  Creating is such an outward gesture; something that requires striving and disarray in the soul.  I think a lot of Anna Karenina's Levin; someone who understands the art of a beautifully lived life and strives to improve it almost obsessively.  I think that Frank Lloyd Wright's Taliesin West gives us a reflection of someone who created living spaces and was able to live in a way that reflected his creative philosophy; aesthetically; decadently; minimally; artfully; communally; and beautifully.  I left this place challenged by the sparse and stark melding of minimalism and opulent detail (I really like early 20th century interiors and stuffy Victorian ones; basically I like to be crowded with furniture); but oddly happy and unburdened.
This place left quite an impression on me; I have to say.First; the waiter (forgive me for not remembering his name) was refreshingly eloquent. He explained the menu item-by item in the the most intricate and juicy detail. Actual quotes: I personally recommend the ice cream bar. I dream about this dessert when I sleep at night and I have to beg the chef to make it for me the next day. Creamy; indulging; satisfying After his 5-minute spiel; our table was already sold on every item he listed. He wasn't just a waiter; he was a poet.The appetizers were particularly good; with the bacon-wrapped dates taking the gold for the most creative and delicious plate. The pesto here is great; make sure to request some with your bread. Also consider the beet salad; which was my favorite among the greens.I had the natural chicken as my entree and while it sounds like a very basic dish; I enjoyed every bite of it. The chicken was moist and slightly tangy while the yukon puree adorned the sides of the plate. Finally; the ice cream bar ended the feast on a perfect note. It is served with a steak knife so you can carve out your bite from the log of rich deep chocolate+toffee ice creamDistinguishing factor: this place takes the bacon-wrapping trend to a new level with the bacon-wrapped dates. The plate was the star of our table.
Nice; new equipment. Seemingly newer facility. Nice people. I'll be working out there any time I'm in Phoenix.
Great chicken parm; incredible prosciutto caprese sandwich!
Great place; with a $5 Food Happy Hour Menu; $3 imports and more!  Check it out!
I have been here a few times and at first was really impressed. That has not been the case lately; they seem to be out of a lot of the beers I ask for and the waiters have been hit and miss.
I would highly recommend Dunway Cleaning Service.  They quoted a very fair price over the phone.  When the day of service came around; he called 30 minutes before he would arrive (at the front end of the quoted 2 hour window) to give me time to make it home from work to meet him.  They finished the job quickly; but absolutely not at the expense of quality.  My carpets looked fantastic.  Also; they were very accommodating to work with me to find a time before Thanksgiving when I had lots of family coming in.  A+.
I have taken my automobiles to Richards for for more than 15 years. Their work has always been excellent. They never have tried to sell me a repair  I did not need; which I have experienced at other shops over the many years I have had my autos serviced.If they find a problem needing repair while working on the car they call and give details and estimated cost. A few years ago I moved across town but still take my truck there because of the confidence I have in their work.    --- And;yes they have had some really cool shop dogs. They are better than a     Walmart greeter.Sten kaercher
I won't write a long drawn out review but US Airways Club really lake the elegance and amenities you often see in other clubs and lounges.  The only reason why I go to them is because its free entrance if you have an international first class ticket.  But other than that; its not worth paying for a day pass and its not worth buying a membership.  You would figure that since Skyharbor is a hub for US Air; this lounge would rock . . . but it doesn't.  I would recommend; if you really want the lounge experience; is go ahead and sign up for the American Express Platinum card.  I believe it gives you access to any and all private airline lounges.  The card costs like $400 bucks a year.And I am not the biggest fan of lounges in general.  You never get to meet interesting people there.  The only people you meet there are basically suits and retired; traveling couples.
After our first visit here we wrote a review which was indicative of our less than stellar experience. We were pleased to see that the owner read the review and graciously invited us back for a second try. We're glad he did. We returned tonight and had a wonderful dinner; proving of course that every restaurant can have an off night. My wife had the oysters which were very fresh; and came with their atomic horseradish. It's hard to get fresh oysters in Arizona; these were delicious. I had the burger which was cooked to perfection along with very light and crispy french fries. My wife and daughter had the chicken & asparagus which were again very good. We were given the S'mores for dessert with the most amazing freshly homemade graham crackers....a must try !Vincent was our waiter and was attentive and knowledgeable about the menu. He took care of our needs and was gracious and sincere with his customer service. We were impressed with this establishment on our second go around.....and thank the owner for reading our reviews and offering us a chance to see that this restaurant is top of the line.
So delicious you won't regret it
so I brought my peruvian family here to try out the food and some of it was great while others were less than stellar. I had anticuchos from heart which tasted great! plus i had the lomo saltado which was also pretty darn good.My family had causa from chicken which was delicious but the pollo a la brasa was pretty bland according to them. I wish they would make tallarin verde a norm on their menu; plus they were out of inca cola!
Having been one of those Crazies who waited in line at the Original Dottie's in San Francisco; how refreshing to be able to walk in; sit down and have a piping hot (steaming) cup of coffee almost immediately? Very!That being said; it has taken me several visits; alone and with friends;  to decide if this version of Dottie's deserves Four or Five Stars. Well; Four Stars is my Rating. Why?       The Daily Muffin Special - EXTRAORDINARY!        The Pancakes - Anything served with real Maple Syrup will win!       The Pulled Pork Omelet - Marvelous!       The Lamb Sausage Omelet - Unique and great.       The Cornbread - I want the recipe!       The French Toast - In spite of the Maple Syrup; just okay        Black Bean Cakes - NOT as good as I remember the originals       The Southwestern - Disappointing for the priceThe Patio is wonderful and the service equally wonderful.Why NOT five Stars? I believe when they get their legs under them Dottie's will be a go to for breakfast in Scottsdale. Right now it is just darn good!
Great selection; including healthy items. Be careful if you like mild dishes; though; items tend to be hot.
We used Horizon for a two part local move (some goods moved into a temporary apartment and most goods stored; then the apartment and stored goods moved to a new home).They managed to damage two refrigerators and a dryer and completely ruin a washing machine.  We were eventually compensated for those losses; but we are now (after the deadline for claims is past)  finding hidden damage that was known to the moving crew but hidden from us so that they are just now being found.Needless to say; we are disappointed.
Good finish after a rocky start - our steaks were all way overcooked.  Our server had our orders re-made beautifully and then comped our wine; salads and dessert without being asked.  The manager on duty was very nice and concerned and we ended up having a great time.  The hit of the evening was the pineapple upside down cake with handmade coconut ice-cream - OMG!
It's great food!  And surprisingly fancy for such a reasonable price.  Best Tom Ka Gai in town!
it saddens my heart to type this review!!!  sorry lo lo's but the truth needs to be told.my family of 8 adults and 2 children arrived at the restaurant at 1:30 pm on 1/2/13.  we were told the wait was going to be 25 minutes.  we didn't mind because we have always had an awesome experience in the past.  well; 30 minutes goes by and i check in with the hostess desk.  i asked what the hold was.  zoe; the hostess said that we have a large party so it will take longer.  totally understandable.  the hostess was not trying to accommodate for our large party by saving single tables in an area to be combined together.  so smaller party's were being seated before us.  so finally;  zoe the hostess; caught on and started saving tables to accommodate our party.  50 minutes later we were finally sitting down.we ordered our drinks and meals at the same time.  it took 20 minutes to get our drinks.  it took an additional 25 minutes to get our meals.  the food was great!i'm not bitching for bitching sake.  the expanded building is nice and we are happy for the business owners but something was lost.  we didn't have that hometown feel.  we miss all the signatures and pictures.  we miss sitting by the fountain drink machine and bathrooms all in the same room.  lol.  our server didn't make us feel welcomed.  our family members have been in the food business and they were up in arms with what we experienced.  it seemed like the servers don't have the experience to handle a larger restaurant experience.WARNING:  IF YOU HAVE A LARGE PARTY; YOU WILL PROBABLY HAVE A HORRIBLE EXPERIENCE!
I really like trader joes. Lots of healthy affordable choices. Good organic selection. This store is very crazy though. Always busy and I swear the people shopping here are oblivious to rest of the world.Maui short ribs = so good on the grillWith organic frozen jasmine rice! Great meal.Maybe I'll try shopping late fri/sat night to avoid the crowds....
Tried this place today and it was good. I had strips and fries. The dippng sauce was pretty good also. I will eat here again.
My mother received a Williams-Sonoma Le Creuset stock pot in the color OCEAN which is exclusive to this company.  There was a lovely display for this in the Biltmore store; so I purchased it for her in November for her birthday.In December; my father called from Scottsdale to ask me about the color and the company that produced the Stock Pot. My mom apparently loves it a lot and wanted more pieces.  He drove to Williams and Sonoma in Scottsdale Fashion Square and it was an unproductive trip. The store staff was not familiar with the color; and didn't have anything to offer him - they told him to purchase it online.  Upon hearing this; I called the Scottsdale and the Biltmore Stores.  The Scottsdale store person had never heard of this color; but he indeed had some pieces in stock. He actually made me to go the website and give him model numbers of things I was hoping to find. It was really crazy.I called Cindy in the Biltmore Store and she was quick to respond that she knew EXACTLY what the color was; she knew they had a floor display of the color and the pots and various other pieces (frying pans; tea kettle; etc.)  She also agreed to put a few pieces aside on hold for my Dad so he could look at them quickly and easily without any confusion.  My Dad drove down this week and found all the items he wanted to purchase super quickly and he said he did not deal with Cindy; but that the experience he had was very good.  He also loved the Biltmore mall and found the parking easy and meandered over to Macy's to get her some Estee Lauder perfume as well.Thank you Williams-Sonoma!!!  My mother is going to have a great Christmas.  And yes; this is a spoiler; but my parents are not likely to check yelp reviews...but if you run into my Mom; keep this a secret for a couple more days!
I have to say this Starbucks is the best.  They know who you are what your drink is and are very personable.   they are awesome I have not seen another Starbucks like this ever.  They  don't argue in front of the customers as I have seen many times before.   They ask how are you doing and don't just talk to each other (ignoring the customer)  as I have seen before at other  Starbucks.   They are awesome.  I had to relocate to another state.  Sadly I will miss this Starbucks they are simply the BEST!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
This is one of my favorite hang outs in Gilbert. The coffee is tasty; the atmosphere is relaxing; the cupcakes are deliciousness...and the food is surprisingly yummy and filling. Here's a little tip; they service quiche; breakfast burritos; oatmeal; etc etc. So; when the line is long at Joe's; don't fret; walk right over to The Coffee Shop and order up in no time. The staff is really helpful and they offer TONS (did I say tons? I meant it) of non coffee drinks for you silly caffeine abstainers. The lemonade is tart and sweet and so right.
The brisket is wonderful; super tasty bark; nice smoke ring.  We got the cutters choice which is in between the juicy yet fattier cut and the lean cut; a good all round compromise.  Wasn't a big fan of the sauces; not bad but nothing spectacular but the brisket is so good you really dont need any.The mac&cheese is good; as is the cole slaw; wasn't a fan of the cream corn; just too sweet for me. I wish they had some greens to choose from.
I stayed many a moon at the Golf Resort back in the 90's when it was the ONLY place to stay anywhere near Power Road and it was actually pretty much in the middle of nowhere with nothing of interest around it except for a HEB grocery nearby and a smattering of restaurants that closed at 9:00 because nearly all the nearby residents were retirees.  Imagine that!Nice spacious rooms and a great place to get together as a group and grill outside on their grills; and if you played golf that was even better.  I understand it's showing her age these days and is probably due for some updating.  Still; it was a great place and hopefully will remain so.
Had lunch here with Arlin B. and Rand H. and yes the pizza is good here but I do not think it is good enough for the price or the wait.The crust was really good and the topping were ok but I prefer a meat lovers pizza piled high.There are at least 5 other pizza places i would rather eat at . I would probably never return here because I was not as impressed as much as many other yelpers are.
NYE; we attended the Lustre Bar Winter Wonderland NYE party.  We couldn't get a drink at the bar due to stressed out waitresses and a very crowded bar.  So we went downstairs for a drink at 12:30.  We were told that they already had last call and they were'nt making any more drinks!  Seriously; it's New Year's Eve! Plus the staff was rude and ignored people and talked to people they knew.  Really bad customer service especially if you wanted to impress guests and keep they're interest.  Blue Hound; you didn't succeed.  Hope you try better in the future.
What is not to love ?? I didn't realize i was a sunbird (until Fred F.pointed it out to me) and the title fits ..As a native of the east coast for 45 yrs freezing my tukhus off ;i can attest to the fact that to be out and about in December is a beautiful thing ...no doldrums of blah;blecky gray skied weather ..just smiling sunshine raining down upon me ;my car looks shiny and salt free ;and the nightmare of black ice is just a bad memory .I won't lie and say i don't miss wearing my mink coats(from Oct-Mar) ;and that the holiday season here takes some getting used to (only because i equate cold with christmas tree's and decorations)...still ;trading in my minks in Dec.for super cool pashmina's and cute capelettes wasn't that hard to do ...and what native Phoenicians find freezing temps here at night ;i find to be a cozy just right chill that is totally bearable to walk around in; and sleeping ..mmmm ;just right !And not for nothing ;but ..Saguaro's decked out in lights is simply gorgeous ! And if i ever find myself longing for a little more nip in the air or snow ...well ;that's what a ski weekend in Vail is for ....Love it !
Such a beautiful venue. Since October 2012; I have been 3 times: once for the Day of the Day performance and twice for the Nutcracker. Every time; I am wowed by this place. The performances are beautiful; engaging and well done; employees are friendly; and I don't think there is a bad seat in the house. There is a gift shop; couple of bars; and bakery that serves coffee; as well. I also like that there is a desk where you can check out a booster seat for small children. Very helpful.
Don't buy furniture here unless you have lots of time and patience.When it comes to customer service here; prepare for the worst...On several different occasions we have been flat out ignored by the rude staff here. Not all are rude; but it seems like either they don't enjoy working there or they don't care about customer service. Before Thanksgiving; we visited the store during a big furniture sale and unfortunately had to get a rain check for three items. We were pleasantly surprised as the person helping us was very helpful and informative about how we would get a call when they were in stock and also the dates that they would most likely have them. She checked the distribution center for us and everything. We were very happy that day and thought maybe the store had finally hired some service friendly staff. And; we were also excited because although we wouldn't have them for Thanksgiving; we would have them for Christmas. She said the estimated time frame and gave the specific date of the 21st; as that is the latest date a new shipment would be coming in from the distribution warehouse.We we were having a very large party at our house on December 20th and would have loved to have the tables there. So on the 18th; we called and asked for them to check to see if the items were in stock. My husband politely asked them to check to see if they had any in stock. He was then rudely told by a guy that if they are in stock; they will call us. He wouldn't even check to see if they were coming soon or if they happened to have arrived and hadn't called yet. He then went on and on to a point that felt condescending. No friendliness or helpful response was given during the entire call - with either the warehouse or the person who first took the call.So the 21st came and went; and obviously so did our party. Then yesterday; the 26th; we went back into the store. After waiting around for 15 minutes to get someone to help us; we couldn't even finish our sentence asking about the items before the guy started the whole spiel; they'll call you when we have it.... So I politely told him it had been five weeks and I know that the distribution center should have had them on the 21st..blah blah...Sir; please; can you just go back and check? His eyes rolled and he agreed.Finally; about 10 minutes later; the same guy comes back out to the front; Uh yea; we have your items. They call you on the 17th. They didn't call - trust me; I would have loved for them to call! I would have picked them up the same day! Then they would have been there for our party. I was frustrated. We told the guy that we never received a call and then he BLAMES us for not getting the call; saying that the guys there call people immediately when items come in from the warehouse.  We didn't get an apology or anything from him or the cashier lady. Later on; he says; it was probably a new guy who; didn't know how to us the phone... They both continued to act like it was our fault that we didn't come get our items earlier. In fact; the guy had the nerve to say; Luckily we still have them for you... as if they should have sold them to someone else because they didn't call us. Worst customer service ever. Also; don't expect help loading your items. They'll watch you struggle and do nothing. I understand they can't be responsible for your items; but at least last time; my husband had help lifting the heavy items into our truck. The only reason they get 2 stars is because I do like their products and unique food. If you only are buying small items; or a bottle of wine; you should be fine. But if you need something big; important; have a deadline; or otherwise are short on time; look elsewhere. Looking back; I would have paid more for a better item somewhere else.
Ok here it goes: visited Summit Diner twice and the service both times was horrible.  I wrote it off the first time since it was new so I gave them a second chance and there will not be a third.  The greeter and our waitress were more interested in leaning against the greeter stand and talking than making sure our coffee cups were filled.  Took the waitress at least 15 minutes to make her way to our table (mostly empty at this time) and take our order. Another 15 minutes for food and we are now 30 minutes into this visit and the place is mostly empty.When the check came I had to carry it up to the register myself because again the waitress was too busy talking to be bothered with such menial tasks.  When I brought her the check I got the look of hate.Sadly; this place is not going to make it unless they get their act together service-wise.
Went there with our reciprocal membership to Philly's amazing Please Touch Museum. That's where the problem lay  as we had the experience of Please Touch; we kind of expected similar caliber of museum if it was to partner with them. This museum felt like a public school open house in terms of activities and set-up. Too much room between activities created a very empty vastness of space. Some of the computer exhibits weren't explained well or monitored (music composition; lacking the obvious hoook-up to an actual instrument) so that every one has an equal try (i.e. DJ station). The staff was friendly; and I would return only for the fact that it was free due to our family membership at our local museum. Staff was friendly. Could have used having more volunteers or staff (one at each play/ activity area). Also might be useful to post the age suggestion/ appropriateness/ suggested time limit (or set an auto time-out for the computers so other kids can have a turn) for each activity.
Five Guys is Five Guys.  Simple; friendly; delicious; inexpensive.  Perfect for a quick burger and fries; and the staff is always friendly.
So we went into Wally's American Pub N Grill with not to high an expectation but the clever ; cheers feel with all the wood accents really help set the place apart. When looking at the menu I noticed that we scored a home run. Friday Night Blue Plate Special is a generous 10 or 14 Oz. cut of slow roasted prime rib with some mashed potatos. Anyways to make a long story short; try it; if you like that Americana feel bar atmosphere with a relatively small inside supplemented by an adequate seated patio where families with children feel comfertable bringing their kids. We had great service; were catered to thoughtfully and the food was more than adequate. Great little find in a shopping center close to the house. I will defintely go back again..
The Strand Urban Italian Food Review: 4 stars!  Walked right in on a Saturday night and was seated right away (not a game night).  Nice modern ambiance in the restaurant; good selection of pastas; pizzas; wine; martinis and other drinks in the menu.  Very friendly service as well!  I don't know how Italian this dish is...but the Lobster mac & cheese is a must try!  Very tasty; cheesy and filling!  Chicken Alla Vodka was good too and they gave us a good portion of chicken.  Complementary bread was ok; but their pesto/vinegar dip was so good!  It's also perfectly fine to share a glass of wine...they serve it like Postinos.
WOOF!!  We were staying at the Hilton and they recommended Zips to us.  Being from CA; we have our fair share of wing places/ sports bars to choose from.   Upon entering it was pretty standard; loud; big screens; games on etc.....BUT there are two things that stood out to us......1) We were served by Serena who served us with a huge smile; knew her beers; and amazingly was happy to help us out...no attitude; no bs...just great service.  2) Her recommendations for golden style wings; sweet potato chips was spot on!  and by the way....ask for a side of the horse radish ranch for the wings.....much much better!  ( zips wings- golden style; Philly steak rolls and a mix base of sweet potato chips/ rings)The next time we come to Phoenix....Zips will be on our list.
I love this theater.  It's so brand new and sparkly.
This is a great local sushi place in Scottsdale. I went here with my parents a few days ago as it's near their condo and we were craving sushi.Hamachi Kama - Didn't see this on the menu; but we asked the waitress and ordered it. Perfectly grilled and super tender. A great appetizer to share between two or three people.Okinawa soba - Loved this noodle soup dish so much. Great broth; not too salty; which delicious noodles and fall of the bone spare ribs. Excellent.Toro nigiri - Super fatty and butterySashimi sampler - I usually wouldn't order this; but my parents don't eat much nigiri and rarely eat rolls; so they ordered it. Everything tasted super fresh though.I had ordered one of their special rolls; but the name escapes me now. I think it had spicy tuna; cucumber; avocado; and something else...anyways; it was pretty good.Service is great and the prices were pretty reasonable. Not the best sushi I've ever had; but good value. If my parents are still going here by the time I return next year; then this place is a keeper.Go early for dinner. We went shortly after opening and were the first people in the restaurant. By six; there were only two small tables open.
Awesome new location.  I love the new Oregano's.  The food was great and our server was okay.  We celebrated a birthday and it is a great place for birthday parties.  I'll be back; I'm sure.
Looks like a dump from the outside- and I am sure people drive by and think 'I would never go in there'.  GO!  Great facility- clean- staff is friendly.  Happy hour drink/food pricing is good!  Great online coupons; too!
Tried this place out on a whim just the other day and; not being a vegan or a vegetarian; but liking Asian style food in general; I wasn't sure what to expect; but I was far from disappointed by the end of the meal! Arriving early for the lunch hour; there wasn't much of a crowd; but the place did fill up in short order. From what I could overhear from the interaction with the owner; it seemed like many of them were regulars; which was reassuring. After all; if those people keep coming back; they must be doing something right! Service was pleasant and not overly pretentious; just a tad slow at times. Yes; there could have been more smiles or slightly faster service; but it was a one person operation for much of the time I was there (it seemed like other servers showed up later?) so I can sympathize to a degree; at least. As to the food; I have to say; I was quite surprised. The appetizer; the imperial rolls; was absolutely delicious; and I will definitely be ordering it again in the future; without a doubt! I could have eaten more; it was that good! For the lunch itself; I went with one of their specials; the soy mongolian beef dish. Having had mongolian beef at many an Asian restaurant in the last few years; I've been all over the spectrum from authentic and delicious to Americanized and bland; and was pleasantly surprised to find the soy version at Fresh Mint surpassed many of the better; real beef versions I'd had. This stuff was good; to the point where I probably wouldn't have been able to tell it was soy-based. Everything on the plate; all the garnishing; was extremely fresh and the sauce was absolutely perfect; balancing everything out nicely. I would definitely go back; and often. The food was excellent; the atmosphere was quaint and unique; and; at least for lunch; the price was right. Highly recommended!
Awesome!
I wish you could give half-stars. This would be a 4 1/2. Went the other day for lunch with my sister. It's beautiful- a converted spanish-style mansion; with a huge outdoor space. It was quite busy when we were there at 12:30; but the bar was empty so we decided to eat there. Service was on the slow side; beyond oh it's busy today I'll cut them some slack; and that is the only reason I can't give this place 5 stars. I had the Local Mozzarella BLT; which comes with Sweet Potato crisps. Those are just peelings of fried sweet potato. Those are amazing; and I'm going to attempt them in my fryer at home. The sandwich was excellent. Just the right amount of basil flavor; and not too oily with the olive oil  and bacon. All of it was made with local ingredients too. That's how the entire restaurant is run. I want to go back again; totally worth the drive from Gilbert. My sister all ready gave her name for Mother's Day so we could have a reservation to take our mother. Something tells me they fill up fast at this place!
The main reason I frequent this place is for the fresh Lager Beer and Ahi Taco's.Of course half the time they serve me Mahi ... not Ahi. (Must not translate well to Spanish)Ok Total Wine & More and the Apple store is on the same block and their Happy Hour starts early at 9PM which also get me in the door.Decent energy in the bar area for an East Valley location.
First time to a Smashburger.... I didn't know what to expect but did expect better.  No one asked me how i wanted it cooked and i like my burgers well well well well done... but then if Smashburger is thinking itself being on the same level as McDs etc that's OK as most other fast food don't ask you. I got my burger take out and when i got it back to work I noticed a lot of red juices flowing. from the wrappers; and living up to its name one side of my burger bun was smashed down.... is that a signature?    As I started to eat the messiest burger of my life i noticed that one side of the burger was well done and crispy; the other side not much and the middle was very rare and red..   I should have taken pics. I had the Arizona without Cheese and Smashed up Sweet potato fries which were oily but very good.  I will be back... as maybe this was a freak occurrence.  I know friends love other locations.
Just had lunch here with my wife:  French onion soup - amazing!  Parisian Sandwich - 8 out of 10; crepe dessert with caramelized apples - 9 out of 10; atmosphere - very very cool!  Great date place!
It's been a long time since I've eaten at Sing High.  Our lunch dining experience was a good one.  We'd go back.  Get in a little early for lunch or you may be waiting for a table and service will take longer.     The restaurant web page states that for over 80 years Sing High has run on hard work and good food.  I agree.  The menu's built around the basics of fried and tossed noodles - chow and lo mein;  chop suey; and egg foo yung.  There's more served than that; but those items head the menu.  I'll add that the Sing High premises are extremely clean and the service is timely.  We had a lunch special with soup; egg roll; sweet and sour pork; moo goo gai pan fried rice plus a serving of beef chow mein.  As the web page also states; most items are prepared fresh.  My hot and sour soup was different than some hot/sour soups I've tasted; a little thicker; SIng High's personal recipe.  More a small burrito than an egg or spring roll; the egg roll was delivered too steaming hot to eat immediately.  The pork was also freshly prepared; my thinking back; my count is 9 unusually large pieces.  The fried rice was white rice cooked well; fired with soy sauce and a bit of veggies.  The plate of noodles was large and flavors good.  We took home half our lunch and had a very good dinner later.     If you've got jury duty; business down town; or paying a visit to Copper Square; this is a reasonably price spot to consider for a Chinese-American meal.
Went here yesterday; service was great. Bought some thick winter motorcycle gloves and was recommended some base-layer long johns. My hour long ride-in this morning in 40 degree cold was not too bad.
I was pretty excited when they opened a Fresh & Easy right near our house.  Fresh & Easy is a cute little grocery store.  The prices are awesome and they have a great selection of food.  I like coming to Fresh & Easy because I can get apples; oranges; and spinach for pretty cheap.  If you are looking for a grocery that has a variety of foods for a great price.  You should check out Fresh & Easy.
After calling all around Surprise for a belt for an old model Dyson; Ronnie at the 35th Ave Sew and Vac stands way above his peers. His helpfulness; patience; and knowledge of vacuums is unsurpassed; plus he's incredibly nice and an absolutely pleasure to deal with.Although this store is furthest from my mother-in-law's Surprise; AZ; location; it's well worth the trip.  There is no one else we would even consider taking her vacuum to should it need repair or replacement in the future.  Thanks Ronnie!!!My 4-star rating is only due to not having experience with the entirety of the store's offerings - from sewing machines to fabric supplies. But; if it's vacuums or their parts that you want or need; it's 5 star all the way.
I HATE Sprouts.  I see lots of people shopping here and I don't get it.  Their produce isn't refrigerated; and in the summer time in Phoenix; this is a necessity.  The store circular advertises incredibly low prices.  The problem is; the food comes from Mexico.  You wouldn't dare drink water from Mexico unless it was bottled from some place other than Mexico; so why in the world would anyone buy anything made there?  If drinking water is contaminated; how good could the water be that's irrigating plants?
Pretty good Chinese food - like what I'm used to from the East Coast (NYC).The wonton soup was very flavorful with fresh bits of green onion and celery.  The Singapore noodles were flavorful with several large shrimp and tender pieces of port.  And the kung pow chicken had a nice flavor with some whole black beans in the sauce.  Everything was tasty; not greasy/oily; nor too salty.Atmosphere and service were fine.  I'd definitely go back on my next trip to Scottsdale.
Packed Saturday night and I'm a single lady looking for dinner and a place at the bar.  Service was outgoing and genuine.  Ordered small filet.  Wonderfully flavorful and tender - would have expected a much higher price for this quality steak.  Baked potato could have used more stuff on top.  A little dry.  Bread was fresh and plentiful.  Salad was tasty.  Only downside...bar was too small for this busy of a place.  Could have been doubled in size and still full.  I'l go back to try some of the other other food.
Maybe I'm a little partial because I helped open the coffee/gelato area way back when but after a few years hiatus; I'm glad to say Olive & Ivy is still spot on; if not; better. My family & I came here for my birthday dinner & the hostesses were friendly and had no problem seating my mother & I even though the rest of the party wasn't with us (I know that some places are really finicky about that so it was nice to just be seated with no hassle). Our waitress was great from the get go. Her name was Andrea I believe? She was very friendly without being too over the top & paid attention to details even going so far as to offer to have my niece & nephew's spoon & fork that they have with them whenever they go out rinsed off in the back (I know of places far less nice than Olive & Ivy who wouldn't even do that so it was major points).We started off with the hummus with veggies that had a kick to it...pretty damn good. The bread with pesto is ah-mazing!! I probably (definitely) should have refrained from having as much as I did as I was stuffed by the time my meal arrived. After the hummus; I had the half portion of the beet salad with goat cheese and pistachios...pretty solid trio of ingredients on top of the arugula and it was yummy!  Following that; I ordered the flatbread; half Margherita half prosciutto/egg/potato and while I wasn't sure how that latter half would taste; it was good. I'm a sucker for prosciutto and theirs is no joke! I couldn't finish it (surprise surprise) but I still ordered desert...it's my birthday; what better day to treat yourself?! The ice cream bar that's been previously mentioned is SO good...coffee ice cream with marshmellow and a chocolate coating with some peanut butter thrown in for good measure. I have to say; as well; that the cappuccino was amazing Well done; O & I. I will definitely return sooner for happy hour!
Great food and great atmosphere. Highly recommend. One of the best veggie burgers i've ever had at a restaurant. Fresh ingredients -- not your typical bland frozen veggie burger patty you get everywhere else. Quantities are huge; but it was so good i ate the whole thing.
Having a business in Phoenix and relatives in the area; I was helping them search for a Family Medical Center and based on several reviews from fellow yelpers I would have to agree with the positive results. It is very nice; modern and clean! The staff was very courteous and knowledgabe and the doctors were phenomonal! We have currently been going to Healthy Outlook Family for awhile now and would not hesitate to recommend others in the Phoenix area!
Found this place on Yelp while I was on vacation in Scottsdale so figured we would try it out and it was wonderful!The service was great and there wasn't really anyone else there when we went so Arturo stopped by and offered us some of the Habanero Tequila (apparently he makes it). WOW it was hot. Not really for me but very interesting and awfully cool of him to come out and offer us some.Food was great! I had three different tacos (Calimarii; Blackened Fish; and Carnitas) and all were awesome!. Other people in my party got blackened fish entree; the carnitas entree; the carne asada entree. Everyone was happy!Friendly people and great food. Pricing was very reasonable too. My tacos were $2.50/$2.99 each and most entrees were in the $6-$9.50 range.Would definitely return!
Okay so I've never really been a fan of Popeye's. I tried one in Vegas and another connected to a gas station. Blech! But this one changed my opinion. The spicy chicken was delicious and the mashed potatoes with gravy (with jalapeños in it!!)! So good. The Mac and cheese had no flavor; the mashed potatoes made up for it for sure. This Popeyes is a keeper!
I don't know if Lao Thai is the best Thai out there but Lao Thai is the best Thai I've been too. I don't judge Thai food by the green curry dish or the pad Thai but by the dishes that I find interesting and of course taste and food execution.I've had three very good experiences here so far.The one dish that is so darn tasty is the Spicy Pumpkin Basil and that dish is so tasty I have a very hard time ordering something else. I've had this same dish at other places and nobody makes this one dish as well as Lao Thai. The pumpkin is very hard to get right and not over do or under do. The sauce is always delicious and the chicken is always perfect.This time we also had an appetizer and tried the Beef wrapped asparagus. It was also so tasty I don't think there is a person out there that wouldn't like it.My husband had the Spicy Egg Bomb. He said it was the very best Thai he ever had and also said the pumpkin basil was so good he would also be happy with that as well. I do note the egg was not as runny as it should have been.The food for us was a perfect spicy level and I do note it might be too spicy for some people .I liked that they have brown rice as an option.I liked that the place is meticulously clean.And I liked that service was always fast and efficient.4.5 stars
This place blows. Foods ok but service is terribly slow. Maybe I have just caught them on off days but I will go to Big Heng down the street from now on.
I have been to Ling and louie's numerous times over the past few months.  I think their food is way better than PF Changs.  however; their customer service is why I continue to come back.  Dave Manahl; the manager; is absolutely great.  Not only did he fix my friend's order immediately after it came out too spicy; but he also gave us a discount for the inconvenience.   That shows this place actually cares about the value of customer retention.  Thanks Dave.  Great Food; Great Atmosphere; and reasonable prices.
This place is amazing! Portion sizes are just right so you can get a little bit of everything. I love that I can have so many different types of sushi and not get stuck having to decide on just one roll. Everything was super fresh and tasty! All of the stuff on the revolving sushi bar was wonderful! The salmon was so tasty and tender it melted in my mouth. They also have a full menu and they will make anything special you request as well. Staff was super friendly and the sushi chefs were really great. They also have stuff on the revolving sushi bar that is great for non sushi eaters or kids! When I was there they had many different types of salads; desert; fruit yogurt and veggie selections. Or if you don't like whats there just order off the menu!! They are open late which is great if you have a late night sushi craving!The place is super clean and the set up is really cool. The only thing that they might want to change is to turn the music up just a touch or maybe get some TVs for those people who cant leave home if there is a sporting event on. Other than that everything was perfect. I hope this place stays around for a very long time to come I LOVE it!!!!  I will be here very very often.
I do eat there frequently. I used to love it; but I've noticed the quality of the food seems to be going down lately. Today I ordered a side salad with a scoop of chicken salad. The salad consisted of a handful of wilted lettuce probably about a week old; 2 slices of cucumbers that were almost clear; and a few carrot shreds in a small size styrofoam to-go container. The scoop of chicken salad was marginal at best. Regardless; I doused the entire thing in ranch and ate it because I had just paid $6 for it and was hungry. The past few times seems to be going downhill in food quality. I LOVE the people who work there; so would never complain to them; but maybe the owner should take a look at the food the kitchen is serving because some of it is a bit past it's freshness date. I still give it 3 stars and hopefully it will improve. Their breakfast burritos probably are the reason I will keep going back!
Love this place. Every time we stay in Scottsdale we eat here at least once a day. They have fantastic gluten free pizza my favorite is BBQ chicken. Also they have many corn free options and the food is so fresh. The staff is fantastic. And they are open.
Most of my run-ins with Gordon have been at an airport; so I was slightly skeptical of the quality.  Turns out I was pleasantly surprised.  The area was active with plenty of people watching and the temperature outside made it perfect to sit on the balcony.  The food was above average in taste but I would be afraid to check out the nutritional value of what I ate!  If beer is your thing; I think you will be happy with the variety and some of the more unique offerings.  Expect pub food and service and you won't be disappointed.
Last night was my FIRST and I think LAST visit to New India Bazzar. I went to buy some grocery and to eat some nice Indian food. Staff was unfriendly at all times. Firstly tables was not at all clean and tidy. My table had oil and food stains all over and nobody cleaned it. It took me around next 10 mins to place my order when there were only 3 -4 occupied tables. I asked for water at the start of my dinner and after multiple persistent requests water was served just before paying my bills. I expected more friendly behavior from staff of new India bazzar. Food was OK . I would not say it;s authenticate Indian food but a street food. I would defiantly prefer to go some another restaurant for next time.
Places like this are USUALLY a dime a dozen in Mesa; not this place. Best authentic Mexican food around; no joke! If you don't like it; I'll buy your meal!
Fantastic service; excellent crispy egg rolls; and delicious Pho with fresh and crispy condiments.  Any new place is bound to struggle at first... so take the bad reviews lightly.  We eat Pho once a week at a fabulous hole in the wall in Glendale; but have decided to change our ritual to this new location.  The atmosphere is lovely.  Can't wait to go back again.
1.5 stars; only for the food. this is *consistently* the absolute worst customer service I've ever experienced. I've been here roughly 5 times and the guys behind the counter are always dicks. Every single one of you. I hope you read this too. Not a single one actually cares about the customer; while I'm not asking you to be friendly; hell you don't even have to talk to me; just don't act like a dick! It's really really easy. If subway is beating you in customer service; just close your doors. The worst part is that I see the attitude of the employees coming from the top down. The manager also; does not care. The store is consistently dirty; service is super slow; and the employees talk down to you and make fun of for not having it mikes way. Oh here's the best part; do you want oil and vinegar on your sandwich? I hope everyone else does too! Because any lettuce that falls off the sandwich that has oil/vinegar on it; goes back to the lettuce bin with all the other fresh lettuce! I have seen this multiple times. Pretty sure this is against health code. The employees seem to have an attitude of the customer is always wrong approach. Don't want it mikes way? What's wrong with this idiot? The guy making my sandwich literally rolled his eyes when I asked for different cheese. Um; ok? Is it more work to use one cheese instead of another? Multiple times I have ordered cookies; and literally half the time I have to remind the guy I just told 10 seconds ago; that I ordered cookies. Yeah; can I have a small drink and two cookies? No cookies; every time. Um; can I have my cookies please?   oh yeah; sorry bro; my bad  yes; it is your bad; every time your bad; and you just don't care. What's worse? I've gotten WRONG cookies multiple times! Like; what? I don't even... how is this possible? Do you just throw any random cookie in a bag and hope it's the one I ordered? I WISH i was exaggerating!
Surprise find in Old Town at Pischke's former location! Tasty Sunday brunch; friendly service; and a good value.  A winner all the way around! We will definitely be back!Both hubby and I tried the Pastrami and Swiss Benedict with Old Bay Hollandaise.  Very flavorful and filling. Side of fried potatoes were perfect! Crispy outside and soft inside.  Chef brought us his version of Blueberry Pancakes as a Sunday treat.  Loaded with blueberries and served with whipped cream. Not too sweet with just the right amount of cinnamon; perhaps? Only improvements we would suggest would be to make sure coffee is hot; cream for coffee is readily available; and restrooms have something that dissipates; covers up; just plain gets rid of bad odors.  Enough said! Look forward to trying dinner here in the near future.
Let me start by saying I am sure a future review with a 5th star is pending - because this place is fantastic.  The food is great.  I have had an appetizer; the Timo Trio for lunch; and I have had a flatbread pizza.  Nothing disappointed.  Their waitstaff is attentive; they give you more of whatever you need - and don't hassle you about it.  I love the new decor (yes; I said new decor - I frequented this place when it was... what it used to be.)  It has a very urban-classy vibe.  Four stars because...We went on a pretty slow lunch Friday a couple of weeks ago and it took us about 40 minutes to get our food.  My panini with my Timo Trio was not great (sorry; it wasn't) but the rocket greens and the soup MORE than made up for that.  I had the tomato soup and I am looking forward to trying the Brie.  However; given that we were on a workday lunch; we would have appreciated faster service.The mojito lemonade!  It's fantastic!  So fantastic I would pay for two!  I get that it's probably not free refills because I am sure they are not the easiest or most fun thing to make; but i would be more than happy to pay for a second.  Please ask me next time.  Each time I have ordered it I have never been asked if I'd like a) a lemonade (plain) refill or b) another mojito lemonade.  It's your tab and your tip and all; but I think I'd go for it if it were me.  :)Also; I am not sure that this is the case yet; but there does not appear to be a place for any live music.  Even a singer/songwriter guitar player would be awesome.  It doesn't have to be as elaborate as it used to be - but that was one of the incredible things about this place/location.  Just something to think about.So; like I said; I am sure we will be back and back and back and a 5-star review is well in the works.  Can't wait to see how this place grows and changes and works out any quirks.
Nice!
I had a great experience as they took me in for my eye care.  Scheduled an Appointment within a week; and gave me the needed care; info; and contacts that were needed.  No Complaints here.
Organ Stop Pizza -- one of my favourite places to go when I'm in the Phoenix Metropolitan area.First off; don't get me started with all the reviews about the pizza -- its average at best and yes; its expensive.You don't come here for the food -- you come for the entertainment.  Watching the professionals that play that monster of a Wurlitzer Theatre Organ is what you're paying to see.  The best views and best sounds are on the 2nd floor -- there is no elevator; take the stairs to the left/right.  Also; the large wooden pipes in the back throw out some of the deepest bass I've ever heard and felt.  Its also funny to watch peoples hair literally get blown around by these pipes.  Again; the pizza isn't the attraction:  its just something nice to snack on while you listen to and watch this amazing machine.
Lunch special was an angel hair pasta was really tasty and the shrimp was very fresh. I had the Eggplant Parmesan which was nice & crusty per the menu description with a very light marinara sauce but the buttered pasta on the side was not hot enough. Disappointing. Service is excellent; we got our food quickly.  We ordered the dessert sampler but they were out of the creme brulee and the server was very gracious and was offering us a good choice of substitution.  We ended up ordering the tiramisu which was very delightful!!!  A definite must try place!
A special night; one anniversary one birthday and a very disappointing evening.which was marred but very mediocre food and an overbearing waitress.To sit and visit while enjoying your drinks was interrupted by a waitress trying to get an order while half the restaurant was empty. The food -salads OK; entrees - shrimp was dry and tasteless; scallops small plate was not inspiring; beef kabob was not good either; but my filet was very nice.Having had good meals in the past and to go to an upscale top restaurant and receive this annoying service and less than stellar food is very disturbing and I would think it will be a long time before we return.I was embarrassed in choosing this restaurant and felt bad that our friends had to pay so much for so little on a Thursday night.
Stayed on 12/13/12 and the first room they put us in had the AC unit missing; leaving a 2x3ft hole in the wall to the outside. The next room they put us in had visible crumbs left on the side table and the hair on the toilet seat. It has a feel of a hotel that has seen better days.
Long lines
Very cool place. They've just moved a few spots down to the corner of the block; I'm not sure if they're still in the process of moving or if the decor is how they intended; but it's great - wouldn't change it if I were them.My macchiato is delicious; my BLT and its side salad are excellent. A friendly greeting when I walked in the door; staff seems very chill. Very cool that they do ordering and payment through an iPad and Square - it's nice not to deal with paper receipts. (Why don't *all* establishments default to email receipts with paper on request?) Free WiFi of course. To top it off; I almost always have headphones on when I'm hanging out in a coffee shop; but the jams here are good enough that I'm leaving them off... for now at least.
Food was awesome; plenty of healthy options that taste excellent. Service was ok; waitress was very attentive to our tables needs; however her jugs were larger than my head which was; to say the least; intimidating. That being said; I will be back.
Jessica is wonderful and does excellent work. I go to her for Brazilian; eyebrow and lip waxes and she always does a great job. Plus she makes you feel comfortable and it's not awkward. I've also had a spray tan done by her once or twice and I can honestly say she does a better job than the other custom airbrush place I've gone to in Old Town.
Love Four Peaks beer but don't like their food; the horrible parking; or crowds at the 8th Street location?  This is the spot for you!  If you really want to eat they have food trucks that come in; and it's a different one every night so you can get something completely different on Friday than what you had on Thursday.  If you just want to have a good beer without having to deal with the Friday night crowd and most of the other good beer locations in Tempe/Scottsdale; I can't think of a better place to be.
This place is fantastic.In town for the weekend; and tired and criminally under-dressed in a hoodie and jeans; came here after not finding much else that tripped our trigger in the downtown area. Boy; what a surprise!Classy inside; with the New York-like black and white interior; with lots of sleek lines and glossy surfaces; we were welcomed immediately and led to a table where our server showed up attentively; but long enough for us to get settled in. It's a talent I wish more servers had.Ordered cocktails; which we enjoyed; but the real shining star was the food which was outstanding. Let me recount:Bacon Heirloom PopcornChicken and WafflesMac n' CheesePork Belly PastramiTruffle Grilled CheeseAside from being WAY too much food for two people; everything on that menu save the grilled cheese was delicious; and the grilled cheese only didn't reach that mark by a notch or two. They have many main courses; but if you don't get the pastrami and the chicken and waffles; you're cheating yourself.Prices are what you'd expect for this type of atmosphere and location; and I'd suggest getting lots of appetizer type food rather than getting a full-on main course; though I'm sure those are delicious as well.
I always get my oil changed at this Brake Masters. As others have pointed out; no upsell; honest mechanics and a clean facility. The last time I went in for my oil change;  I needed a new cabin filter and the guys even told me that it would be way cheaper to go to autozone and do it myself; then proceeded to show me where it was so I could do it when I got home. Not very common in the repair industry.
I've been to Tammie Coe a couple times as I live fairly close to this location. They have some pretty delish baked goods.... I've tried the crack cake (chocolate and mocha deliciousness); red velvet cupcake (cream cheesy frosting of wonderfullness... but hard to eat due to the top being larger than the base and all of the sprinkles); Ooey gooey cupcake (ummm yum!); and the brownie (just ok...way too much frosting). Overall; I don't think this is the most delicious dessert in town; but it is very good and I would (obviously) go back.
I been to Brooklyn Eddies a few times and I like it. I like the BOARS HEAD products. They are a little slow on making the sandwiches and I can't figure out why. I always get turkey and provolone with everything. I also ask for a sprinkle of oregano. I do prefer shredded lettuce (that they don't offer); over the lettuce chunks. But over all a good sandwich. Now for the customer service...it's not a warm and fuzzy welcoming when you walk in the door. I chalk that up to the east coast personality. And it took me a second visit to realize that's how they are. Usually I'm very put off by that; and will not revisit a place if I get that kind of cold welcome; but there is something about the owners that I like. By the third visit I almost got a half smile from the guy; I assume is the owner.  Again; it's gotta be an east coast thing.  I realize their not rude; it's just who they are. And I'm ok with it. I'll continue to go back and hopefully their restaurant will succeed.
My boyfriend and i went there last night for the first time and we weren't very impressed. The service was fast &friendly; We ordered the buffalo potato chips with the blue cheese dressing and they were pretty good. I ordered the blu burger and o found it very dry and the caramelized onions over powered everything else in the burger. My boyfriend ordered the southwest burger which was drenched in  the chipotle mayo . Overall we would not recommend this place.
Miele's is a solid choice for Italian every time. With dishes that range from some of the best pizza in the area; to gnocchi with sausage and peppers; to a penne a la vodka that will knock your socks off; it's truly hard to go wrong with this place.I stopped by here with the parents a few nights ago and we all three wound up sharing and tasting what each other got. My mother went with the Chicken Gorgonzola. The chicken was cooked very well; and the sauce was rich; smooth; and had a nice depth of flavor. Pops went with the traditional Lasagna; which was fresh and delicious. The pasta within was just the right amount of al dente. I went with Deluxe pizza which is adorned with premium toppings and baked fresh to perfection. Everything was delicious; we all went home full; and had a bit left over as well.I feel the pizza deserves its own side-note: Despite the fact that the owners are from New York; and despite how incredibly delicious the pies are here; I would not call this true New York style pizza. Its similar; but not quite. Its really more of a hybrid pizza; somewhere between New York style and Italian neopolitan style. Frankly; I prefer the variety. If I want true New York; Im going to Buonos. If I want true Neopolitan; I'm going to Classic Italian Pizza. This; in many ways; brings the best of both worlds together. Pro tip: the white pizza here is simply incredible. I have been going here for a number of years; and will continue to return with my family whenever I happen to be in town and the dinner tally favors Italian food. A fine establishment with good atmosphere; friendly and expedient service; and most importantly some really delectable food!
Worst place to live in Tempe; I'm sitting in the apartment as we speak with no water and so are my neighbors. I called in about the issue hours ago on their emergency maintenance line and still have heard nothing back. Last time I called in on a maintenance issue I heard back days later. Would not recommend anyone live here.
I love this place for what it is-a place to get cheap fabric and other assorted craft/sewing supplies. I know going in here that it isn't going to be clean; or quick; or easy to sort through the piles of material. When I shop for fabric; I'm only looking for knits (I make scarves out of super soft knits); which are located on the righthand side of the store near the back in a GIANT pile that is only haphazardly organized. Knits aren't sold in large quantities like most of the other fabric they have-they are mostly just small-ish pieces that almost all have holes or stains. You have to check the fabric yourself; because they won't do it for you when you go to have it measured. I'd say on average; most knits are between 1/2 yard to 3 yards in length that are in the pile of fabrics. The exception is the bins next to the knit piles; which typically have much smaller pieces of material and are usually irregularly shaped. I have found some great; super soft knits in these piles-think fabric that is used by James Perse; Ella Moss; Splendid...that's what these feel like. It requires a lot of digging to find usable amounts of material in the piles that are also hole- and stain-free; but it's worth it! Knits are only $1.99 a yard here; which is a phenomenal deal.They sell other fabrics that would be used for costumes; tons of sparkly fabrics; plus fleece; upholstery fabrics (though they don't sell upholstery thread); and a bunch of threads in different levels of quality/quantity. They do sell needles but they are behind the register; and you order them by telling them which number you want from the menu of smallish items. BEFORE YOU PAY AT THE REGISTER; you MUST have your fabric measured at one of the cutting stations-even if you don't plan to have the material cut! They measure it to figure out how much you are getting; then they make you a receipt and hold your material behind the register. When you are ready to pay; simply walk up with your receipt to the register and they'll calculate the total from your receipt and bring you your bag of fabric. They take most credit cards so I don't need to have cash here (it seems like the type of place where it would be cash-only; but thankfully it is not).Come here if you are prepared to spend time and effort finding the best and cheapest material around without all the glitz and glamour of a regular (i.e. chain) fabric store!
First visit here.  We bought a few different items.  I was very impressed with their spelt and 9-grain breads.  Very good.  One of the better bakeries I've discovered so far.
Good breakfast place. Open; bright space with friendly staff. Good healthy choice omelette and wonderful biscuits and gravy.
Bland watered-down tea.  Wonton soup--sorry broth; wonton ok.  Vegetable mu-shu came in what looked like a burrito.  Had large chunks of egg in it.  More like a Mexican burrito than Chinese.Family style bean curd was good & rather MSG-laden.  One-time visit place.  Won't be returning.  Not sure what people are talking about with this restaurant being the best Chinese they've ever had.Decor & ambiance very cheap feeling also.
Great addition to the downtown Phoenix dining scene.  We've been here several times now and each time they've varied their menu just enough to always keep our interest.  Not currently on the menu; but worth ordering is their seafood paella; with a delicious sauce featuring just a hint of coffee.  I know it sounds a bit odd; but it really works.  We've also had the empanadas and the meatballs (served in the cutest little Staub casserole).  I'm especially fond of their desserts; including the Honey Crisp stack served with Dulce de Leche ice cream and the spectacular coffee and donuts; warm little donut holes sprinkled liberally with cinnamon and sugar and served with a coffee ice cream and dark chocolate ganache ~ absolutely heavenly.  Although this is a very generous portion; if you have any dedicated chocoholics or coffee addicts in your party; you may need to order one per person; it's really that good!Lovely outdoor patio and charming staff make this one of our favorite places.
Best Funeral Services and Chapel are the BEST. When my Mother passed away two weeks ago. The first place I thought of was Best Funeral Services for my Mother's funeral services. My daughter's used them for their father's services two years ago. After his services; I remember my Mother telling me how she liked the way my daughter's were  treated by Julia and Allison. Well; when I walked into Best two weeks ago; Julia came up to me and gave me a big hug and asked me how my girls were doing?  She remembered me from two years ago. Wow; I was so impressed that I knew that I was going to use them. The services were beautiful and they made my Mom look so beautiful. She did not look fake like some funeral parlors make people look. My Mom looked like she was asleep. Julia R. is wonderful and made the whole process go smoothly; from the viewing; to the church services and the cemetery services. I will continue to recommend Best to anyone who is in need of a funeral parlor/chapel. We were treated like family from them and not just another client. Family members that came out of town were so impressed as well. I would like to thanked them again for such a beautiful service and making my Mother look so Beautiful.  And for all the support and help they given me and my family members. Julia R; Allison and the staff of Best; you guys are the greatest. Thanks again. You made the process so easy for me. Sincerely;Erma
Visiting my brother-in-law for a few days; we stopped in for a Sunday lunch hoping to catch a football game and some good grub before we left. Good grub; check; football; notsomuch. I'll explain.All the TV's at the Mellow Mushroom are packed around the bar area; which is to one side of the restaurant; and none of them really point into the dining room. So if you have a larger party; it isn't really ideal for watching the game.But this was the sole area of disappointment. We started out with two appetizers: a toasted bread with a cheesy olive spread on top; and a plate of pretzels with beer cheese. The bread wasn't really my thing (not an olive fan); but the pretzels and cheese were top notch. The beer cheese is a melted cheese sauce that goes great with the salty; hot pretzels.They have a bunch of local and regional beers; and our waitress had no problem letting me sample a few because I wasn't familiar with any of them being Cali born and raised. I don't remember what I ordered; but it was a dark red IPA that was cold and refreshing on an August day in Phoenix.We ordered two pizzas; a mushroom pizza and a meat pizza. I was surprised to find that I preferred the mushroom pizza; but then considering the name of the joint; it was probably a good call. The waitress had bragged about the pizza dough earlier; and I tuned out what she was saying because; you order pizza for the toppings; not the dough; right? Well; ideally; the dough accents the topping perfectly. I think they put molasses in it or something; maybe it is wheat based. It's good though; and I might eat that dough by itself.Great overall; good service; and I look forward to coming across the Mellow Mushroom again.
My favorite restaurant in Phoenix. Especially when they have crawfish or oysters on special. It is pretty expensive but nice for a treat when you feel like good seafood.
Can't believe I haven't reviewed yet.  Today got the Jewish sliders; just simply great meal. Along with the chicken soup; yum;yum;yummy.  I also love they have bialys; I usually get the corned beef hash and get a bialy. Of course the side of pickles is a great compliment to the meal. Only drawback at this place; parking. Been to PV location; but Tempe is my favorite. Plus the Chompie's Rewards is an added plus.
If this isn't the best place to go downtown for lunch; then it is among the best. Gotta love the eat coast owners.
I had never been to Cadillac Ranch before until a group of friends wanted to come here for dinner and drinks. We had a group of five and were seated in the back on a platform which we were told used to be where a mechanical bull lived. It was nice to have our own little space and I liked all the cute lights that decorated it. A few of the girls complained about how dark it was; some even used their cell phones as light to read the menu. I wasn't drinking since I was DD so I ordered an iced tea and it was strong and tasty and never empty. Our waitress had another girl with her training and they both did a decent job.We ordered the bacon wonton appetizer and it was peculiar to say the least! We all agreed it would be better as a breakfast item; or maybe even desert. They were sweet and salty with a maple syrup type sauce. They were good just not right for a pre meal snack! I ordered the pulled pork sandwich on a pretzel roll and grilled asparagus for my side. It was alright; the sauce they put on the bbq was very mustard based and got old quick. The asparagus was my favorite part of the whole meal. I went to wash my hands in the restroom after I was done eating and the paper towel dispenser was awful; it was one of those motion sensor ones and it literally spits out two inches of paper towel each time and there is a waiting period of at least twenty seconds before it gives you more. My friend and I had a good laugh about it for a minute. Also the bathroom seemed even darker than the outside; I could hardly see myself in the mirror! How is a girl supposed to check for food in her teeth or smeared lipgloss? Come on guys give us a little light!After 9pm a d.j. started to play hip hop hits from the 90's to early 2000 and don't get me wrong I love rap and hip hop but this place is called Cadillac RANCH? I guess we were in the Tempe college area though so anything goes.I don't know if I would come back here. They need to figure some stuff out for sure!
These pies are really yummy; they bake up in no time at all so they make an easy quick meal for people on the go. Plus; the best part - no thawing needed! A really tasty; flaky crusted all natural alternative to hot pockets with a much much larger variety of types. Only thing I would add is a variety pack or a sampler because for new customers they might not want to commit to a whole bag of one pie type.
Definitely the best Westin I have ever crashed.And by crashed I mean paid a lot of money to sleep in.You'll find it all here: a golf course; a lazy river; a spacious lobby; respectable gym; bagpipe shows and campfire events;  tons of amenities (that I don't use; but I like to know they are there); and much more.The rooms are definitely Westin-grade: basically standard stuff with the word heavenly precluding it. For example; their heavenly bed is a ultra plush and very satisfying to sink in at night. Overall a solid hotel that's actually a pretty good bang for your buck.Distinguishing factor: they have a little dessert stand smack dab in front of you when you enter the hotel. And the pastries look so delicious; and evil; and delicious.
Dive; but what do you expect from a place run by hippies?!  These guys serve up awesome tacos and burritos daily with a side of peace and happiness.  Love these guys; support them!
I felt like I had walked into dry cleaning heaven when I came to this dry cleaner for the first time. The place is beautiful; clean and bright -- unlike most of the dingy; smelly dry cleaners around town. The prices were clearly marked on a board above; with no gimmicks and no secret add-on charges. Finally an ethical dry cleaner! The employees were neatly dressed and well-spoken; which is always appreciated. They give you a bag with your name on it and a 25 % discount on your first visit. After that; they give you coupons once per month for discounts. They have a valet service and all kinds of other things for customers; but for me; I was thrilled that they are open 7 days a week! After a 9 hour work day and an hour commute; I hate trying to rush to the dry cleaners on my day home. With the Tide Cleaners; I can just swing by anytime over the weekend. I have been unhappy with so many other dry cleaners in the Scottsdale area; but this one is just what I've always envisioned; but has never existed until now.
What's with long lines to get breakfast! Very disappointing.
I love there malts and not to sure on the rest of the food need to order more then a malt.
Excellent; period.  I could not stop saying excellent to Julie our waitress that nite.  What a great restaurant with a great view.  This place sits on the 5th floor and has plenty of glass to view out of.  You can see Phoenix in the distance and with the low level lighting it really is a nice; intimate place.  Lets talk food....We ordered several appetizers; since we made happy hour :)  We enjoyed a fresh J and G Slider.  Great beef; tomato; and lettuce slider.  Simple snack.We also tried the mushroom egg rolls.  Great flavor from the mushrooms and a nice dipping sauce.The Beef Skewer was a happy hour item; will order again. Excellent seasoning and dipping sauce.  We even saved the sauce for further use :)Also enjoyed some happy hour drinks; Italian creme soda is a great drink and I enjoyed a glass of Colores Del Sol Malbec and Paso a Paso Verdejo.Then we got a hold of the non happy hour menu for more treats. Time for the dinner menu.The pork belly appetizer was one of my favorite dishes.  Excellent amount of crispy skin; fat; and sweet topping to balance the salt in the pork.  Great dish that I plan on ordering again.Then the best part; a great tasting menu for only $60.  This included 4 dishes and a desert.  A 5 course meal for only $60; we had to try it.We enjoyed the tuna tartar; great flavor.  The radish and ginger was an excellent component to the tuna.  The Parmesan cheese risotto was the best I ever had.  Super creamy; excellent flavor with the cheese. The mushrooms were great with the risotto as well.  The risotto was my diet nightmare.  Time to run 5 miles after eating that rich and creamy dish.The grilled beef tenderloin was excellent and luckily Julie; our waitress suggested some sauces for the beef.  The mustard mi so sauce was great with the tenderloin.Very tender and delicious; one of the best I have had in Arizona.The Chilean Sea Bass was a nice; light protein with a great mi so broth that added a nice flavor to the meat.  Very tender and cooked perfectly.  Another surprise was the chocolate cake with Carmel ice cream.  I assumed it was like any other chocolate cake and ice cream desert.  Well the Carmel ice cream was excellent and every bite with the warm chocolate cake made a great balance of flavors.  I plan on having this desert again.I must thank J and G steakhouse for providing an excellent meal.  I have not been so satisfied.  Worth every dollar I spent and I hope to enjoy many more evenings here.
Before you throw any stones at me; read through. I have been here to Essence several times and absolutely love their almond croissants (they were out at 8:30am on the Tuesday I was in.) The chocolate ones are delightful too. Their macaroons are out of this world - literally as tasty as they are in Paris. But on this occasion; I was SO EXTREMELY disappointed. The lady at the counter (who has been there for years) was exceptionally rude to me when I asked about soy milk. Seriously? It's on your menu for 60 cents extra. She was brusque and unfriendly; even rolled her eyes at me. No; there was no one waiting behind us either. Our Parisian Hot Chocolate arrived tepid. Yes; tepid. Not hot. My quiche came and it was quite tasty; but smacked of pre-made breakfast. It felt warmed over. The worst part was my bowl of fruit. Brown; yes brown. Brown apples; brown pears; brown pineapples. Have you ever seen brown pineapples? Ew. I don't understand this visit at all; but have to let you and Essence - you also need to know. It'll take me some time to get over this visit. Sorry.
Great; small; family owned and operated restaurant.  Some days I just don't want to go to a full sit-down restaurant but also don't want to settle for fast-food.  This place fills that void.  They offer typical grilled teppanyaki food cooked to order that you can eat there or take home.  Some of the combo plates can be a bit pricey; but the portions are large.  I went there on a Friday evening and the husband was in the back cooking; the wife taking orders at the counter; and their little daughter was giving high-fives to customers like myself.  I was provided with a sample and conversation while I waited for my food to be ready.  Very friendly folks and great food to-go.
It's saddening when one finds better Vietnamese food in Phoenix instead of San Jose...Any place that can make a good banh xeo (and be generous with it too); gets a huge thumbs up from me already. Along with so many other dishes like banh cuon and com tam bi; there's a lot to try out. I also finally tried some of the pho today and it's definitely better than what I've had in other restaurants (family kitchen's another story). All too often; I find the broth to be too light and flavorless; but at least today's pho was dark and had flavor; if still somewhat weak. It was also fast too; pretty much within 5 minutes of ordering. Maybe I'll suffer the inconsistent broth other reviewers stated.Finally; to all the reviewers about the bathroom: get over it. I've seen a LOT worse; and while one may have to cross the kitchen to get there; blame the building owner and developer who designed the damn layout of the place. Heck; I'm sure there are city codes being broken there; so I'm sure the city would love to know.
Sigh.  This morning I'm a sad panda.  This location is on my way to work; so occasionally I'll stop for a coffee and a maple bar.  Today; I was feeling savory - so I went with a bagel breakfast sandwich.  Do not; under any circumstances make this mistake.  It's partially my own fault.  I don't order buffalo wings at Quizno's; I don't get potstickers at In n' Out - but since I've never had a bad item at this place; I figured why not?I'll tell you why.  Bagel = dry / flavorless.  Eggs = un-seasoned.  Bacon = under-cooked and only ONE piece folded in half FOR AN ENTIRE SANDWICH?!?!  On top of that; no sauce / mayo / spread / schmear a.k.a. NOTHING to make up for the fail that was this morning's attempt at sustinence.I digress.  The maple bars are always spot on; the old fashioned cake doughnuts are money - even their coffee is consistent - so I guess what I'm saying is; don't get a sandwich at a donut shop.  The end.
They really make travel easy.  Not only is it cheaper to park at Pre-Flight than to park at the airport; it is also more convenient.  When you arrive; they give you a section to park in.  Within a matter of minutes a van picks you up from you car and a friendly drive loads your luggage into the van.  When you arrive at the airport; the same friendly driver take care of your bags again.  Upon returning; you go to the designated curb and a van is never more than 10 minutes away.  They take you right to your car and will even load your luggage into your trunk.Excellent service!
Great place to see a game.  Glad I am a season ticket holder and looking forward to next season.
Love; love this place!  I discovered it in the same little shopping area with one of my favorite consignment shops. Luci's has a cafe with seating; as well as a healthy grocery type area with healthy fare. The cafe has sandwiches; salads; and a great breakfast that's served all day. They have several coffee drinks also. One of my favorite items is the Smoky Joe's BLT; which I always get in a tomato or spinach wrap with a side of fruit. The grocery area has lots of gluten-free and vegan items. They also have some novelty items; my favorite of which is a sticky note pad declaring You're on my Sh!t List -- dang; that little sticky note pad is damn therapeutic!! Parking can be a pain when it's busy; so just be aware...
I knew I'd pay a little more here; but knew I'd get a quality; trustworthy cut.  Got my 2012 holiday haircut from Steven.  Excellent job; high attention to detail; paid attention to fine points like squaring up the edges of my hairline with a trimmer; and slicking off the final furries with a razor.  Plus a vibrating shoulder massage.  The final result reminded me of my dad laboring over the flat tops of his four sons; his Oster clippers buzzing; a comb his level; so focused his jaw was clenched and slowly grinding; little beads of sweat glistening on his chin as he sweated the details; making sure the tops were absolutely flat; sides smoothed down; not a single hair standing taller than any other.  Steven accomplished the same effect; but more like a Zen master.  Calm; knowingly; precise.
Chris did a fantastic job on my yard work which involved tree trimming; shrub and weed removal.   They were able to come out to my house the very next day after making a call and were extremely courteous.  I would highly recommend this landscaping service with their meticulous work ethic and very friendly service.
Let's be honest... You had me at the words; Hot chocolate. Running was just one of the obstacles getting there; but I definitely love themed runs that also benefit a charity. This time I think the charity was The Ronald McDonald House (Correct me if I'm wrong...)The run was at the Salt River Fields. It was my first time getting to see what a beautiful baseball stadium it is. There are batting cages galore and trees lining the paved sidewalks with the modern desert architecture. The main field was beautifully kept! However; the run was actually just outside of the baseball fields. The 5K just wrapped around the business district adjacent to Via Ventura Road. It wasn't very scenic; but it was still nice seeing the sun rise over the horizon and mountains on the east side of the 101. The Ghiradelli hot chocolate was so rich and amazing at the end of the race! I forgot all about the fondue part as well. The Hot Chocolate trophy oversized mug included small compartments for the hot chocolate in the center; and melted chocolate on the surrounding compartments with marshmellows; rice krispy treats; banana; and pretzels.. basically all that you'd want to dip in chocolate. This year; the goodie bag was a Hot Chocolate 15/5K black wind breaker with the title of the race printed on the back of the wind breaker. It was very thin and not reliable to keep you warm; so I didn't even bother wearing it the day of the race. The morning started out brisk at around 50 degrees then it started warming up to close to 70 degrees by the time the race was over. I might do the 15K next time since the 5K seemed so short.One of the major downfalls to the race was actually getting to park to do the race. Our Corral B was scheduled to start at 7:30am; and at 6:30am; the 101 was backed up trying to exit on Indian Bend Road where we were all instructed to take to this race. I think this was poor planning on their part; because there was a huge line behind us backed up a couple exits and there was nowhere to go. By the time we were parked and where our corral was supposed to be; the announcer said the 5K was over!! I was really upset; but one of the security guards pointed out the direction of the old 5K course and just said to go! Although the course had already been changed from the 5K to the 15K; there were tons of other runners who were also the same boat as we were and missed their corral; so luckily some volunteers from the 5K course were still present to direct us where to go; and we were still able to do the 5K. Crisis avoided; but totally unnecessary! That was my major qualm about this race; but can you blame me?I am a sucker for the goodie bags at races; especially since 2013 will include awesome hoodies; so I will still do this run next year; but I will definitely being taking a different route driving there; not the one they recommend; since this year it was poor planning on their part.
Always consistently good pizza.  Nice thick crust with plenty of toppings.   Ask for extra sauce.
I LOVE the YH! I miss the one back home.  However; this is great too. You must check them out for their HH specials. I LOVE their Georgia Peach Martini's and any of the raw tuna HH specials. However; get the sauce on the side. I thought it was overly salty and inedible; but on the side it was fine.  Their creme brulee is always great too; but not on the HH price. Awesome music; clientele and environment. I am very much liking the Westgate area. Excellent customer service from both Jamie/Waitress and one of the Managers/Mike. Happy New Years! :)
I will drive to this Fry's every chance I get!  This is the Grand Daddy of all Fry's stores!  YES!  It's got covered or valet parking; they'll bring your groceries out to you curbside; they'll even get your car washed while you shop!The bakery is to die for but unfortunately they make nothing gluten free.  They have whole bars of ready made dinner type items.  The olive bar is massive as are is the sitting area near Starbucks.  Leather and massive yummy chairs.  I jokingly said to my Mom that I might start hanging out there all day with my laptop.  Seriously.  Seriously that nice.The whole store has wide aisles; massive choice and excellent customer service.  Gourmet chocolate; why yes.  Organic section?  YES.  A jewelry store; bank and a huge area of home accessories and furniture items.  Clean; well lit; flowers; odd fruits; cooking classes.  That too!
Always a please; i deviated from my usual outback special and decided to get the lobster tail and filet with a glass of cab.  I was super delighted; i eat at so many restaurants; and i ate here for my birthday.. that says a lot.
Paradise Bakery is not always at the top of my mind when picking places to eat. But; when I happen to be driving by or fellow lunch mates choose; it is always a great option.Everything is pretty much freshly made. The salad options are almost endless. They are constantly changing up the seasonal specials - so there is always something new to try. Pair any of the salads with Jalapeño Corn Bread - and you have a winning combination!TIP: This one - being in a retirement town - fills up quickly with the older crowd at lunch and EARLY dinner. So expect a long line - but a short wait as the staff always handles the rushes well.
Really like this bar. It's very hipster; but that's not necessarily a bad thing. Just some information for those who think Yelp is God. I love the setup of this place. Nice little patio outside on both sides; average-sized bar area; and then a separate room for shows. I really like seeing shows here. The sound system is great and they even have an area to sit if you don't feel like standing. The drinks are cheap and strong. I've only had their salsa (very good) so can't say much about the food; but I've heard good things. The music is always popping here and Sean Watson makes me smile when he goes on. He played Chromeo's Tenderoni one time when I was there and I danced so hard I nearly vomited.If there's a spot you should hit when downtown; it's Crescent.
The best mozzarella; tomato; basil sandwich in town. The bread is to die for.
Drove in from North Chandler to Dickinson Gateway to enjoy their IMAX.   Got to cashier to be told  IMAX is closed for technical issues.  In other words they do not have redundant projectors. I asked to talk to the manager and it seems they are too busy to talk to their customers.  I called on my cell phone and talked to a female manager or so she said.  Basically its too bad and if you don't like it go somewhere else.  Bad experience.
Worked at the Kmart across the parking lot... My coworkers got a burrito there; and found a bug in it!! Ewww!
Ck's was one of the worst experiences I have ever had. We went in the middle of the day to get wings which were honestly the worst wings. Mild buffalo was a weird cranberry sauce that was runny and didn't taste like buffalo at all. The honey BBQ was just wings with plain honey on them which was disgusting concidering the boneless wings we're dry chicken strips that were chewy and gross all around. There was no one there and plenty of servers who took 30 minutes just for drinks after telling him what we wanted multiple times. Didn't like the atmosphere food or people . What a let down for ahwatukee!
Coffee; crepes and cool hipsters; You can have a taste of all there with just one stop here.Inside of a old house is JoBot; Prices are decent service is quick and nice and the crepe did not skimp on the basil. Prices are like all coffee shops which means not a great deal but I guess you pay for the experience.Inside are a few tables and chairs and a old upright piano. Outside are school style picnick tables which could really benefit from a back. Or maybe I am just getting too old to sit here.
YUM YUM.  Fresh dough daily.  Crunchy outside; chewy inside crust. Not bad sauce.  Great prices too.  A great takeout place for Pizza.
I had no idea this place even existed (I promise I don't live under a rock); probably because I never shop in Scottsdale; but now that I know it's here; I will be back.  I'm an avid Pinterest user; and I recently came across one of their dresses.  Not really being a fashion participant; I usually don't get my hopes up when I like something I see online; because I'm consistently one or two seasons late.  I looked at their site and saw that the dress (and lots of other adorable things) was still listed and that there was a branch in the Scottsdale mall; so - being in desperate need of a holiday dress - I decided to check it out.  The clothes are a cross between Gap and Anthropologie; with the quality of Gap and the sticker shock of Anthropologie.  They were having a 30% off everything in the store sale; though; so no complaints.  I wasn't in there for 2 minutes before I spotted the dress; found my size (last one!) and tried it on.  To my delight; because this honestly only happens once a year for me; the dress fit like a glove; didn't feel like it would bust at the seams if I tried to bend over or sit down; and despite being covered in sequins; was very well-sewn.  Other than that; I would go back for their other clothes; but I might wait for a sale.  The sales associates were very pleasant and helpful without being annoying.  No upsells or store credit cards forced on me; either; so I'll keep an eye out for this company in the future.
Zoo Lights is so much fun! I walk around in awe as I look at the light-bears; light-frogs; light-leopard; etc.; and can't help but wonder how many people and how many hours are involved in the set up.This is a great event to go to as a date night or as a family. It is better to go earlier in the season; and on a weeknight; to avoid the big crowds. Grab a hot chocolate and watch the kids squeal with delight as a giraffe talks to them; see the few animals that are awake; and check out the lights.
If I were to rate the Musical Instrument Museum purely on the exhibit offerings; I would give it 5 stars. It's a beautiful; well-maintained building with room after room of engaging offerings. My family and I enjoyed putting on our headsets; which come with your admission; and listening to music from around the world. I can't say I ever wondered before what music is enjoyed in Azerbaijan; but once I was at the museum and saw that exhibit I suddenly was rather curious! The Experience Gallery was especially enticing to my two children; who love instruments and had a blast getting the chance to try out guitars; drums and gamelans (I now know what those are!).However; an encounter we had in the Experience Gallery is what leads me to give this review just 3 stars. Actually; I would have dropped it to two stars; except that my kids really did enjoy themselves here. My 3 year old son approached the bongo drums and decided to arrange them in a line. A museum volunteer came over to me and suggested he might be more comfortable playing in the Family Center. I looked around and saw a number of much younger children also enjoying the instruments in the room. I didn't understand why my son was being singled out. I asked if she didn't feel this room was appropriate for 3 year olds (another volunteer had directed us here when I asked what she recommended for kids at the museum). She replied that she would prefer that my son not line up the instruments; that it was treating them as toys rather than as musical instruments. I was so taken aback that someone who volunteers in a room of the museum designated for children would define right and wrong ways of playing with them. I reminded her that the instruments weren't being harmed in any way (these; by the way; were Remo drums specifically made for children - we have the same ones in our music class - they sell for $30-$40 on Amazon; they were hardly precious antiques). She decided to drop the issue; and suggested that I just keep an eye on him; which of course I was. My son proceeded to play the drums; other children came along and played the drums as well and; when he was finished; my son put each drum right back where he had originally found it. It really bothered me to have someone from the museum suggest that he was doing anything wrong.Lastly; I'll mention the cafe. On the one hand; it's an impressive menu - lots of very good options. It's expensive; as museum cafes tend to be. I ordered their $9 hot dog and was disappointed to see that 1) it arrived with half the bun missing (i.e.; the hot dog was sitting on just the bottom half of the bun; the top half was not on the plate - we saw hot dogs at other tables and they definitely came with both halves of the bun!) and 2) it was ice cold in the center. The hot dog itself was very flavorful and had that great snappy bite from the casing; but for $9 it was unacceptable to arrive cold and missing half it's bun.The Musical Instrument Museum has such great instruments and music to showcase from all over the world - hopefully they'll work to improve the other aspects of the museum experience.
I really like this small venue.  They have a comfortable environment; the staff is very friendly; free WIFI and they have a great selection of teas.  They are a little pricey; however it is worth it.  Be sure to sign up for their text specials.
I would actually go with a 3.5 on this one... leading to a 4 star.  My friend was way excited to see this chain pop up in the valley; so we added it to the pre-class dinner rotation and I have to say there are a few things I really like.The staff has always been super nice. I'm a little confused about some of the negative ordering comments. Maybe if you called something in for pick up there could be an issue; but you are standing right there (subwayesque); so if it's not to your liking; say something.From what I have been told; the menu is not full yet. They do offer a big version and a skinny version which we were told should be coming early 2013.I personally like the wreck. It's a pretty perfect sandwich. And I love that they clearly post the calories. Having spent most of 2012 significantly reducing my body size; I want to know what I'm putting in it and that's not always easy to do when dining out.The space is clean and open. The menu selection offers a little bit of everything. And I agree with Kate O; the dream bar is pretty much just that.
This was my first visit here. We decided to try it because I've heard good things about their pizza; which definitely did not disappoint. Great outdoor atmosphere. We ordered a large pizza and had to wait what seemed like an hour or more for our pizza. In the meantime; people arrived; were served and left. The manager finally came out and explained to us that there had been a mishap in the kitchen and they were working on our pizza now. I'm still not sure what happened but they offered to bring us a free appetizer and to comp our pizza. We politely said no thanks to the extra food; but a manager still brought us a sausage sandwich that they had an extra of. Though its not something we would have ordered on our own; we still appreciated the gesture.I just wanted to say that though we ended up spending an extra hour at lunch waiting for our food; the service was great. We appreciated that they took full responsibility for the problem. The pizza was great and well worth the wait.  I recommend!
The long haired guy tried to tell me my bike didn't work (it does work) and that I needed an $80 tune-up for it to work again; I've been riding my bike all day with no problems!
I forgot how good the quesadilla is here or maybe it reminds me of growing up and having them I don't know but either way yum!
Makeup artist was incredibly rude and unprofessional. She gave me the wrong make up color and I didn't realize until I got home. The check out desk was also unprofessional. Manager was yelling at an employee in front of the customers. I will not be back to this location.
Gabriel's Appliance is awesome! Our Maytag washer stopped agitating; spinning and draining. I called the office and got a very helpful person who scheduled me for an appt a couple of days later as they were very busy; which was ok because luckily the breakdown occurred after laundry almost complete. Nicole came out (within time frame specified)  and within 10 minutes discovered a wire had separated. She went ahead and checked the motor; etc. since it had been opened up; fired it up and we were good to go. Well worth the $95!
On my recent travels through terminal 4; I was delighted to see this slightly better option.Ah; what a welcomed change!  I ordered a croque-monsieur and ate it there seated... the staff was helpful (the guy managing it was very kind and genuine in helping people decide on something).  The food itself was decent and good enough that I'd probably stop here again when in Terminal 4 to give them my business; especially if i'm looking for 'warm' food that isn't a Big Mac or a Pizza Hut pie.
Great atmosphere; friendly staff. Italian Guacamole - must try this appetizer!!
As close as it gets to a real Italian pizza here in Phoenix. I am an Italian and I have only been here for a few years; and let me tell you; it is refreshing to finally get a taste of home. The crust is just the consistency that it should be. It's not an American pizza; it's much lighter and not as greasy. I will most definitely return on a regular basis.
I came in today with a group of 22 colleagues for a last minute holiday lunch. The service was outstanding even with such a large group. Drinks were kept full and the food came out fast! As always; the food was great and at the end; Chip (our server) split the bill for all guests! I don't know another restaurant that would have accommodated us the way they did!
We came here last night to celebrate finals being over... and it wasn't much of a celebration after dealing with their staff.I will say - the food and drink selection is fabulous. I've never been so in love with an apple martini. I'm not even a pizza junkie but I found myself addicted to theirs. The place itself is also tons of fun... they have a DJ and the crowd is live! It reminds me of a lounge in New York or Los Angeles.However; the service is just awful. The bartenders are rude and the waiters aren't pleasant either. Granted; it is unbelievably packed and I'm sure they're up to their neck in orders... but that doesn't excuse impolite behavior. I would definitely recommend everyone to give this place a chance; if you happen to have friendly service that night; you'll fall in love with Hanny's.
Hillside spot is a great place for lunch. I have been there twice. First time I had the burger; which was juicy and everything I needed to cure my hangover. The second time I went for a healthier option and got the suki rice bowl - holy cow was I blown away. Perfect size and tasty! It comes with a small salad which was also very good. My boyfriend got the pulled pork sandwich which had a really good smokey flavor. Besides from the food; we had the best server I have had in awhile. Her name is Erica. She was fast; nice; charming; and on top of her game. I can't wait to come back and try hillside for dinner!
Honestly this place has taken over as the best Dim Sum place in the East Valley; and possibly all of Arizona if Great Wall doesn't step their game up.  One dish that you need to order here is the Xiao Long Bao; it is no Din Tai Fung but it makes me happy with every soup exploding bite.
I have been looking for a good Jamaican restaurant for a long time; specifically one that has beef patties and home made sorrel.  I used to live in New York and they were easy to find there; but not in AZ. I found this restaurant on Yelp last weekend and decided to take the whole family after looking at the menu online. It was a Monday; so we were able to get the jerk chicken plate for $5 for the lunch special. My husband loved the chicken and so did my 5 year old! It had just the right amount of spice. My 2 year old loved the rice and peas. I was very excited that they had home made sorrel as it wasn't listed on the online menu. It was amazing! I ordered a beef patty and a chicken patty; both were good but the chicken patty was definitely better. The staff is extremely friendly and made sure to give us coupons for the next time we come back. I am now recommending this restaurant to anyone I know that enjoys Jamaican food. Get up and go! You won't be disappointed!
Very good food and good service!  Did not expect from the look of the outside of place..
Soooooo good!! The wait was a little long but well worth it!! 2 tacos and a mini quesadillas for under 5 bucks... I wish they would increase their hours though...
Great place; great service.  We are so pleased to have the gem come into the community as it is always a struggle to find a decent place for lunch that is not a chain or fast food.  We are now hooked and have had lunch here at least once a week the past 3 weeks and never dissapoints.  Portions are great. Pricing is great.  I don't know what else to say but you have to try it out.
Great food; friendly staff; good beer selection. We come often.
I can't believe I have never reviewed Tarbells! This is one of my favorites as the food/service is consistently awesome. Jillian (not sure if she works there anymore) is the best server! This establishment has it goin on!
Our granddaughter (she's 5) wanted Chinese food on New Year's Eve. We called and ordered to pick up. We got her fried shrimp and also ordered sweet and sour pork and teriyaki chicken. The shrimp was good; sweet and sour pork ok but the teriyaki chicken was definitely NOT chicken. I have no idea WHAT the meat was and needless to say we didn't eat it. We used to like Golden Wok when they were across the street and hoped this would be as good but I don't think we will be going back.
Herb & Flavors is a clean and modern looking sit down restaurant that serves food made with organic ingredients. The menu is extensive with allot to choose from whether you are a carnivore; vegetarian; or vegan. They have dishes from most major ethnicities and; of course; American. If you don't know what you feel like eating or if you are with a group of people that wants different styles of food; you should probably come here. The water they serve is crisp and refreshing because it is flavored with cucumber and lemon. People around me were eating pizza; pasta; and Mediterranean dishes that all looked great.  I ordered the sloppy joe made with grass fed beef; organic tomatoes; onions and American cheese on top. It came with a side of steak fries and organic ketchup. The sloppy was set in front of me and it was just how you kids like them; extra sloppy. The sloppy joe was just ok. I think it has less fat and grease in it because the sauce in the meat doesn't leave as much of that orange stain on the bun and plate as you usually see with sloppy joes. This is both good and bad. It is healthier which is good but bad because fat is the vehicle through which flavor travels. The meat and sauce was sweeter than I would like. I added some salt to counter act the sweetness. The sandwich wasn't bad; but it wasn't great either. The fries were just the right crispness on the outside and the right softness inside. The color is the perfect shade of light yellow with slight browning on the edges. I added some salt until they were just right. The service was very good. My water was always full and i was always looked after to make sure everything was going alright with my dining experience. My check was delivered and picked up quickly. In the end; I would come here again if I was in the neighborhood but I would order something else like the pitas and hummus or the pasta that I saw someone else have.
I like the ambiance and feel of Grassroots - however; the cook has a bit of an attitude. When I explained this was the second time I had come in and they were out of what I  wanted to order he said because everything is fresh. Ok-I can appreciate and love that! However; I was asking for a baked potato. How can you be out of baked potatoes? That seems pretty standard. He then went on to say they are doing pretty well.....what?? How about just apologizing for not being able to accommodate your customer. Lose the attitude.  Food is par - I would recommend this place for drinks only.
The place is awesome. I should go during the day; I guess because it must have great views. Nice decor; comfortable; a great ambiance.The service was more in the not-so-great side; but no complaints. It's just that for an upscale restaurant I would expect a better service.The mai thai was pretty strong but good. Bone marrow was interesting but the species and sauces kill the marrow flavor completely. The short rib was pretty good but the serving is way too big. The mac and cheese was tasteful as well but I would prefer it on the side instead of under the short rib.I will definitely go back.
Come here for lunch a lot; really enjoy the food. The burgers are always so good; the fries are always hit or miss. One of my the very few places I will eat a burger.
My family has been eating here since it opened.  They staff are friendly; kind; and timely.  The food is delicious.  The prices are great.  My child loves to order any of the noodle dishes.  She loves noodles.  We also like the crab puffs; lemon chicken; orange chicken and both the egg drop soup and wonton soup!
Lon's is a classic; old time Scottsdale with a great bar; and atmosphere. they really put effort into New Years Eve. Our group of 4 -20 something's and 2 parents had good food; good service and a good wine program. Always a stop whenever we come to Scottsdale.
A great place to shop for restaurants or other food service establishments. Here's a price example 15 pounds potatoes at Costco $6.95; 50 pounds of potatoes at RD $7.95! They are not open to the public so don't get all offended if they turn you away..Quality; price; service; they got it all.
I had never had a root canal done and was extremely nervous! I wasn't sure what to expect; but his place is amazing! From the second you walk in the door until the second you leave! The front staff are kind and welcoming and the office is very clean.  Dr. Baker and his assistant Jen were so kind! The doctor actually looked me in the eyes while shaking my hand! He walked me through the steps as he was doing them; always checking that I was comfortble; even offering me juice and a blanket before we got started! The procedure was fast and I was encouraged to listen to Pandora on my iphone. This place has top of the line equipment and service! I will be referring family and friends for sure!
This place was great!!!  We went for our employee Christmas dinner and everyone loved it.  Our server Patrick was excellent; explained all of the specials and answered all of our questions about the menu without missing a beat.  Try whatever fresh oysters are on the menu; WOW!  As in other posts; be sure and get the crab fried rice as a side.  The truffled mac and cheese was out of this world as well.  I enjoyed the striped bass that was a special and tasted some from everyone's plates; I don't think you can go wrong with anything on the menu.  Very nice feeling in this place from the moment you walk in; perfect for a special evening or if you are just looking for GREAT seafood in AZ!
I grew up in New Haven; CT with great pizza and have heard about this place for quite some time. We went last night and it was dynamite! The wait was an a hour and a half but next store they have a wine bar to grab a drink and a snack to hold you over. The service was great; the employees who we interacted with had been with the owner for 25 years. The margarita was divine and the wise guy was also tasty. I would highly recommend!
This Target is simply not as good (complete) as the one closer to our house.  It's new; it's big; but it is lacking compared to others.  The one closer to our house has a large meat case; for example.  This one doesn't.  Also; in the afternoon there is a lot of traffic from the high school.I can't say it's bad; but it is surprising that one of their newest stores doesn't measure up to one that's been open for several years.  Oh well...if you want Target; but want more; check out the one on Gilbert and Germann.
Been here twice the food was great both times. Service was meh but I love the choice of getting a flatbread and a salad and its perfect in size for a meal.
We went on Friday at about 5:30; we sat on the patio because we had our baby in the stroller; though the inside is nice and big and I'm sure could have accomidated us. Our waitress April was very friendly and fast. The patio was not set up with drink menus but she quickly got us one.I ordered a zinfandel and the waitress brought me wwhite zin by mistake but when I said something she was nice about it and quickly fixed it. We had the garlic cheese knots which were ok; though the cheese seemed to just be a few slices placed on top; but it was fine because they were good. Then we had the bruschetta pizza which was delicious. LOTS of fresh basil which I love; usually if a pizza says it has fresh basil its only like 4 leaves. The crust was great too. The baby was too fussy for dessert but I will try a conoli next time. The rest of the staff that I interacted with was very nice and friendly. We had a great experience and will go back soon.
Not a fast drive thru service but the staff is pretty friendly.  There's a guy there who works the drive thru window and he makes great conversation while you wait for your drink.  IThe only negative thing is that they only sell plain bagels. I wish they had multigrain!
I very much enjoyed this place. My first visit. Cool atmosphere and the HH specials are GREAT and delish! Get the bbq chicken pizza. They have HH every day of the week!  (3p.m. to 6 p.m. and then reverse HH 9 p.m. to closing.)  There HH cocktails are yummy too! I am very impressed by their WIDE selection to choose from; including making specialty drinks available on the HH price!Please view:  http://www.gordonbiersch.com/locations/glendale-az/happy-hour-glendale-az
Amazing pizza with an incredible crust. Restaurant is staff is thin and is noticeable with dirty floors and tables that need to be bused. I tried the Broasters Chicken that is hailed as the best in Az. Ad the world it its second to Albertsons. Thumbs down. On the Pizza side; a+ all the way
Excellent!
Awesome burger.  I had one in Ohio about two years ago and loved it.  For only being open two days; this place was humming and the staff had their business down.  My order came out perfect and quick.  The AZ burger was awesome.  Not too spicy; but very good balanced flavor with each bite.  The smash sweet potato fries were just delicious.  Tossed in salt; olive oil and rosemary; still crunchy; and nice and sweet.  I'm glad we have one close to work now!
This was my first time staying at a Radisson Hotel. I booked it via Priceline for one night Christmas eve following an 8pm arrival at the airport. When the shuttle full of guests (only about 7) arrived at the hotel; the front desk staff seemed harried and impatient; especially the older unkempt man who seemed ready to go off on the next guest who asked the wrong question.The restaurant was closed which meant no room service either. When I asked Mr. Grumpypants if there were any restaurants nearby he waved his hand at me dismissively and said to try the yellow pages. The airline hadn't served us a meal of course; so my Christmas Eve dinner consisted of a bag of Cheese-It's and a bag of peanut M&Ms from the vending machine; and a glass of tapwater from my bathroom.The decor and condition of the room was only so-so. Not being a regular traveler myself; I guessed this hotel caters primarily to business travelers. I've stayed in much better rooms at a comparably priced Best Western or slightly more upscale Marriott. The front desk staff did make a point of exclaiming that the rooms have Sleep Number beds but frankly they didn't seem any more comfortable than any other 3-star hotel mattress I've slept on.Two stars instead of one because the bedding was a clean white duvet cover with matching linens; and because the morning front desk staff; especially Patricia; were friendly and helpful when I had to race back from the rental car center to pick up an important document I'd accidentally left behind in my room.I doubt I'll choose to stay at a Radisson Hotel again.
Not even comparable to other Mexican fast food!  I haven't had one thing off their extensive menu I didn't like!  Chorizo or ANY breakfast burrito; tostada's; bean burritos... whatever.  Yummy;  and the service is consistently great.  Try their Carne Asada... Anything!  Lol. The local firemen are there several times a week so u know it has to be tasty!!
Wow... I was told this is a nice chilled place..... WRONG.... went her with a friend that wanted a drink and a little food after working late.  We where told is was o.k. to sit upstairs where others where at playing darts and pool (about 10 - 12 others). We sat one of the TVs to watch the end of one of the bowl games and a NBA game (good set up for that by the way); unfortunately we sat there for about 10 minutes before waving down one of the waitresses waiting on the folks already up there with the 2 other parties.  This server told us she would get someone to help since it was not her area; however after her 3rd trip up and down the stairs with drinks and food which must have been about another 10 minutes now I went downstairs to get buy some drinks and see if anyone was coming to take a food order.  Well finally got a chance to order.  BARFFFFFFFFFFF..... Bones chicken wings raw.... I MEAN raw!!!!!!!  Sauce old and not even an offer to get drinks refilled.  took food to manager and all I got was the boneless wings removed from the ticket offer..... O.K.... so this explains why service so; food bad; attitudes bad; and a bar that now seems to be a place where only heavy drinkers seem to pay for over priced drinks.  Here is the cappa when ordering the drink the bartender had to ask  my friend what was in it?????? a Pimk *&^%^? is what was ordered.
Thai steak; ribeye; beef tenderloin are incredible. Wine was good. Bruschetta was fair. Brie was very good. Happy hour Wednesday: $5 glass of good wine; live music.
So glad I came in again even though I moved 20 minutes away.The coconut cream ice is delectable as usual; I like to mix it with chocolate or strawberry custard and I'm in heaven. The staff are extremely friendly and courteous.Check out what all the hype is about!
Odd layout at this Walmart; and once again annoying employees that have to make smartass comments about your checkout.Hey; did ya leave any vegetables in the produce section?No.  None in the freezer section either.Are you going to eat all of that.Nope; just buying it to let it rot.
It is a small location. There is also a small area for outdoor seating; when it's nicer out.I agree with the reviews of cold butter and syrup. I did ask for the syrup to be warmed up which they gladly did. The butter was cold; which brings the temperature of the food down. I would recommend if ordering the french toast or pancakes to request butter at room temp & warm syrups  when ordering. The french toast was like 2 inches thick; the blueberry pancakes had a slightly crispy taste to them since they were baked. It wasn't a bad taste; just different. The ham was an inch thick. So the servings were nice. The food was good. There were lots of vegan options. It wasn't a melt in your mouth; I've died and gone to heaven good; but it was just breakfast. I'm interested to try lunch next; to see if my review will increase.
great!
Absolutely love this store!! Big variety! Clean & oorganized!
Went for a quick lunch of delicious sushi from the endless conveyor belt of $2 plates. I got a little carried away; but it was really good. The menu looked good too; but I didn't try anything. This one will be in the regular rotation for sure.
They have Lagunitas IPA on tap.So  yeah; there's your 4 stars right there. On top of that they are on my bike route home from school... so convenient.Super plus; my bartender kept my drink full and get this; didn't ignore me.  She was funny; and friendly; and really made my day.So yeah; I'll be back.
Found this little gem of a restaurant last time I was driving through Wickenburg.  The food was amazing and the decor was the perfect western shabby chic mix.
Writing this on behalf of my sister who rec'd terrible service from this company.  4 separate visits to fix a refrigerator!?  They are either incompetent or dishonest.  Either way; do not use them.
good stuff.
You can not go wrong with this place; any bagel sandwich you can possibly order is amazing.  I usually decide to try new things; and i am not close to running out of combination; the owners/staff are amazingly helpful and are some of the most friendly and people in the biz.  Try a turkey; bacon; egg; and cheese on a jalepeno bagel.. awesome And to dennis c. maybe you should not order the salt bagel next time; just a thought.
Overpriced and not worth it... Boooo.
The sandwich was huge; but I'm not into the quantity over quality places.
To summarize: I love Biltmore Commons Dental Care and; as a Phoenix native; have not found a better dentist or dental team than Dr. Sadowski and co.I've been going to Dr. Sadowski for a year now; since moving back after college; and have had nothing but excellent service in all aspects.The front office team is great-- they make sure to mail out reminders a month before your scheduled appointment; they call you the day before your appointment; and they are friendly and helpful when checking in/paying your co-pay.By the way-- I've visited Dr. Sadowski when I didn't have dental insurance and was treated courteously by the staff. Never once was I up-sold; I was put on an easy and simple payment plan; and I was treated fairly; just like every other customer (with insurance or not). One of the front office ladies is a little brisk; however; she's from the east coast-- give her a break; people! She talks a little fast and she's efficient-- if you're messing around or don't have your stuff together; sure; maybe it looks like she's being rude. It's clear that she's just very efficient and most west coasters aren't used to that. Be patient; y'all. Their office is busy!As for hours-- don't know what other Yelpers were talking about-- their office closes at 4 P.M. most days. I don't know if they're open Fridays; but they DO NOT CLOSE UNTIL 4 P.M. Honestly; it's never been a problem for me-- I leave work a few minutes before my 3 p.m. appointment; never have had to wait; and I'm out the door before 4 p.m. (score!)I have to be upfront: I don't have any teeth problems; so I don't actually know how Dr. Sadowski is with root canals; fillings; etc. All I know is that my teeth feel great; no one up-sells me anything; and I get a very thorough cleaning and look-over by the dentist. Dr. Sadowski always talks over any issues I've had and makes sure to look over areas that I think are bad.PS. Megan the dental hygienist is AMAZING-- I seconded Yelper Caitlin F.-- she is wonderful and I want to be her friend too!!! Try to have Megan clean your teeth- you'll love her!
I recently joined and have been impressed with the service. There are many activities and options including pool; steam; spin; and a good selection of free weights/machines.  More reasonably priced than many other gyms with similar options.
Loved dining on the patio.. Good beer selection!
The food is more generic each time I go. You can definitely tell there's been a change of ownership! Quality is lacking as is the service. My salad must have been shaken out of a bag - seriously? Their version of sushi is like Pei Wei is to Asian Food (think WalMart with Nieman Marcus pricing!)
I was in Scottsdale on business last week. My fiance and I were excited to go to elements after learning it was Beau MacMillan's restaurant. We didn't go in with high expectations; just wanted to have a great meal and experience.Boy; did it not disappoint.Our servers were phenomenal. I had read some of the Yelp reviews prior to making our reservation and wanted to see if they were right. We didn't notice any lack of attentiveness on their end.As an aside - if you go for dinner; definitely get a reservation around sunset. It has absolutely stunning views that shouldn't be missed.We started off with the ahi tuna tartare. Simple and executed perfectly.My fiance got the braised short ribs which was amazing. The short ribs were incredibly tender and flavorful. About the only downside was the placement of the truffle mac and cheese (underneath the short ribs instead of off to the side). I had the duck with forbidden rice. As a duck hunter; I've had my fair share of ducks. This duck was cooked perfectly; and the cherry braised cabbage and forbidden rice completed the dish nicely.We picked the PB bomb for dessert. Don't bother looking at the menu; just get the PB bomb.Overall; there's not much more I would have improved. I'm looking forward to returning to Scottsdale and stopping by elements again.
Called at 7:15am; received a call back at 7:55am.  5 Minutes before they are scheduled to open.  Sent out Josh the same day to take a look at a leaking valve in the back yard.  Was very honest; and said to do a couple of things and will return to fix on Wednesday.  Not an issue since the water was able to be turned off.  Was going to replace the pipes connecting the valves (3 valves).  Estimate was $110; with $10 off for the Angie's list coupon. When Josh returned on Wednesday (at 9am; the scheduled time) and went to go to work.  5 minutes later Josh tells me the valves were simply loose.  Was really cool and just said how would anyone know when its under water.  After talking about if we should move forward with pipe replacement; based on his suggestion it wasn't really needed. After he tighten all the valves; and checked for leaks; said he was going to do an evaluation of the whole yard.  He checked all heads; coverage and anything pertaining to the sprinklers.  Not only did he do all that; he set the timer; and made a couple of adjustments.  After all this (about 30 minutes worth of work); wrote a check for $45.  Only charged me to re-wire the valves and the the yard evaluation.  Would use these guys again and again.  Great service; and extreme honest and fair.
Really solid BBQ place the meats are tender and actually good enough to eat without BBQ sauce. Also the customer service there is very good and they give plenty of free samples if you ask.
I'm a sucker for a good plate lunch so it doesn't take much for me to check out a place that serves Hawaiian food. When I found out this food truck was going to be near my house I knew what I was having for dinner. Yes; you can have plate lunch for dinner.If you don't know plate lunch is typically a serving of meat (teriyaki chicken; beef; etc.) a scoop or two of rice and a scoop of macaroni salad. Some places have other types of salad but in my opinion mac salad is this only real option.I ordered the teriyaki chicken and boyfriend ordered the fusion tacos. Both entrees were $8 a piece. First of all the portion were huge. I swear I have never seen tacos this big. They were like burrito size. He described the teriyaki chicken taco as a mini chipotle burrito with teriyaki chicken as there was rice; beans and a kind of salsa in the taco. He liked the chicken better than the pork. In my plate lunch I got two large pieces of chicken; two scoops of rice and an oversized scoop of mac salad. The chicken was cooked well and had a good flavor but I would have liked more sauce on it. Maybe a little container on the side? The rice was good and the mac salad was tasty too. Not as good as Aloha Kitchen but better than most other places here in town.Overall I still rate Aloha Kitchen as my number one place in town for Hawaiian but Island Loco is now a close number two.
For the price I'm giving it 4 stars. It's this summer season and it was $67 a night. It's not a fancy resort but it had enough amenities to make me happy while I was taking my son back to school. The rooms are spacious & the beds are triple sheeted and comfy. Two clean swimming pools & a decent fitness center. Skip the buffet it's not worth the price. Over all you get a lot for your money.  I will seek this spot out again.
So in certain science fiction/fantasy novels; there's this shop that exists only some of the time; and it's packed with peculiar goodies; and it might be a gateway to another dimension?This is that shop. Note the name. That's your tip-off.If you carry a large purse or tote bag; lock it in your vehicle; as the aisles here are very; very narrow. The vintage clothing selection was huge and looked amazing; but I literally didn't dare turn to look at it for fear of sending a shelf of china flying. Clothing is something for next time.There is a LOT of glass and china for the space; and it's not the same five dish patterns that you'll find in every antique mall. If you're looking for something specific; I imagine that the best approach is to act as if you're in the sheep's knitting shop in Through the Looking Glass. Follow the shelves with your eyes slooooowwwwwly up to the ceiling; hoping that your item will not ascend hastily through the ceiling to escape you. If that fails; shut your eyes; think hard about what you want; then try again. There's a better than average chance that it will appear.There's also all sorts of jewelry and tiny bits of things. The delight of this shop is that it's not curated or precious; but it somehow has a point of view; and the owner is truly the nicest person ever. This is a store for when you're in the mood to browse and chat and stumble over remarkable things -- not for when you're on the track of a list of home decor -- as it requires exploration and nothing is priced; and if you take the experience for what it is; it is literally a refreshing step back to a simpler time with better housewares; some of which you can buy and take home.It doesn't hurt that it's now part of the most adorable vintage strip mall in Phoenix; along with the Purple Lizard (your one-stop Instant Wise Southwestern Woman boutique); Southwest Gardener (all that glitters for your landscaping); and the Original Hamburger Works (what Fuddruckers aspired to be; with authenticity).On my visit; the back door gave only onto the mall's shared internal patio (a charming place for a winter lunch); but depending on your timing; your luck may be different.
Good food. Okay service. Every time I've been here it gets busy at different times and hours during the day even at night when they are about to close. I don't know why this place is always packed.
Great as usual!Wish they had the same quantity of selection like the Arrowhead location.. Lots of parking; quick service; delicious ice and custard.The board doesn't display the available flavors though..
Terrible service; just terrible.  Every time.  Isn't the definition of insanity doing the same thing over and over again; expecting different results?  Shame on me.Most recently; I called Pizza Hut because I'm avoiding Papa Johns for political reasons.  They told me that they needed to confirm that I had given them the correct telephone number.  First of all; in this day and age; what business doesn't have caller ID!?!  In any event; I confirmed that; in fact; she had my correct phone number.  Astonishingly; she said she needed to call me back to further confirm.  As if that's not idiotic enough to require two phone calls to order a pizza; she told me; if I don't call you back in 5 minutes; you need to call us back or else we'll cancel your order.  Yeah; um; okay.  I'm going to sit by my phone with bated breath for five minutes; and if you don't call back; I'm going to call you back.  So I can have the privilege of eating your semi-disgusting; totally unhealthy pizza.  No thank you.  You can go ahead and just cancel it right now.  I'm pretty sick of Domino's; but I've had far better service from them. Oh; and by the way...if you order online to avoid the ridonkulousness; the estimated time is merely an estimate that you need to call and confirm with the store.  And so if their online estimate is; say; 45 minutes off; well that's your problem; buddy.
Steve's is hit or miss with the service. Just know that going in. Vinny is great. The others... Meh. The kitchen takes for-ev-er. (Squints from The Sandlot style right there) I've gone times where we were the only table in the whole joint and it still takes for-ev-er.... And then the burgers were over cooked. Blegh. Whatever.  I do like the burgers from here. When they are cooked med rare like I likes 'em. Cowboy burger... drool. Actually all the food I've had here has been pretty tasty. The beer selection is pretty good and the vibe is kickin. They usually have live jams on the patio on the weekends.
I have been coming to this place for a while now. I love coming here for a glass of wine and a big bowl of pho. All the dishes I have tried here are flavorful and priced just right. The restrooms are decorated beautifully and are always clean. The staff is always friendly and willing to answer any questions on the menu. I highly recommend this place for a relaxing yummy dinner.
Turf is a neat little Irish pub. The food is decent; the employees are nice; and they have some good beers on tap. I wouldn't say that anything here is necessarily outstanding; but I always enjoy myself here. It's a good place to watch a sports game (so I've been told by others) or chill with friends over a few pints. It's never too busy and it's open late; so it's always convenient if other plans fall through.
I'd say this place is just okay...it doesn't make me sick afterwords; it just isn't that flavorful or delicious. It's a run of the mill Chinese restaurant.
I've been going to Darque Tan on and off for about three years now. This location keeps a nice; clean store and offers about 20 beds of varying intensity levels. I usually use a level 2 bed which carries a max of 20 minutes and gives me a nice color.I went in today to buy a new package after taking a 6 month hiatus from tanning; and the sales associate was incredibly helpful. She took her time pulling about five bottles of lotion off the shelves and explaining all their different qualities and price points; she was very knowledgeable and I really appreciated her doing that. She didn't just pressure me in to buying the most expensive lotion they offer. Darque Tan offers monthly memberships as well as pre-paid packages; I use the $33.88/month package that allows for unlimited tans in level 1 and 2 beds at any DT location.The only reason I didn't give five stars is because their lotions are pretty pricey. I bought a middle of the road lotion with bronzers and DHA properties and it ran me $92; but they are offering a special right now that purchasing a lotion gives you money credited back to your account for upgrades.
Near the freeway. No food court; but the bathrooms are new and clean. Shops are decent but these are one of those outlets where everything is not an outlet. Go if you are on your way to a cards game :)
As a vegetarian I really like the idea of build your own salads but was disappointed to find that you only get 4 toppings before you are charged additionally. I had a salad and the wild mushroom soup and both were pretty decent. I wouldn't call this an amazing place but wouldn't mind picking up lunch here again in the future. The french bread and chocolate covered strawberries that came with my meal was a delicious bonus.
I tried to love it; had a chocolate chip cookie and milk once; and was satisfied.. took my date here after lunch next door and went all out on a vietnamese iced coffee ice cream and red velvet cookie sandwich.. the cookie was too hard and made it not enjoyable for me =(But the ice cream was delicious !
My daughter was in the hospital and everyday all she wanted was sushi! I am not very familiar with Phoenix or good sushi restaurants so I went to my phone for help. This restaurant was on the way to the hospital so I thought I would give it a try. It wasn't quite what I expected. Kind of like a sushi subway restaurant.  I ordered a shrimp tempura roll and a salmon roll. I am going to have to agree with Marc that it is a step above grocery store sushi.The service was eh and the food was ok....But probably not somewhere I would go back to.
Found this place a few months ago through a friend. Nice; little coffee shop with a full bar as well. Coffee is VERY good. Also open later than places like Starbucks. Weekdays till 12 and weekends till 2; I believe. Prices are reasonable. Atmosphere is cozy. Lots of college students on their laptops. Lots of hipsters. Everyone generally nice and you can overhear some crazy conversations. Smoking permitted outside. Has a full bar; in-house snacks and meals. Also has a full bar. All types of people come through.It gets busy most nights (or at least nights I've been there) and the only bad thing about it is that there isn't enough seating!
This was a VERY nice bowling alley. I was most impressed that they had a full food counter. I haven't been bowling since high school in Warren; and that bowling alley was a hole. Overall; I had a lot of fun with my family; and would go back.
Overrated! Service was terrible and food was below average. Tables were dirty and server refused to get cucumbers from the sushi bar; even we offered to pay for them. I offered the Gomoku Yaki Udon - pork was overcooked and overrun with whole calamari that still had eyes... Interesting decorating - Asian; Italian; and French with Christmas lights. Disappointed... :/
Have eaten here a couple times now and it is really good. The service is great and they are always cheerful and helpful. Had the Gyro and Greek Fries and it was very tasty. Wife had a Greek Salad and she said it was good but not as good as the Greek Salad we have at the place in Goodyear we go to.Will definitely be back.
nice small size mall
My husband and I were out in Fountain Hills for the first time and we found this restaurant on yelp.  We had no idea what to expect and were extremely surprised by how delicious our meal was! The pollo fondido was out of this world!A true neighborhood gem!!
You're in Arizona what are you doing eating at a national Mexican Food chain. I did awhile back as I was given a gift card. If I were living in Idaho this place might be alright but there are so many far better choices in Arizona. The chips and salsa were ok but the plasti-cheese they use has to go. Does anyone think the ads for the Enchilada's look good?
The people that work here are super friendly but for the price; felt like I should have received more one on one attention. The girl was so busy; we waited 40 minutes to pay and get our 'take home right away' creation. We paid 75 bones for 2 pieces of ceramic! My friend made 2 pieces of soap and paid $ 45.  Waaaay overpriced. They should call this place Make Money.Four days later; we picked up my son's creation that needed to be fired up; only to find the item we brought home was not his. I'm waiting for a phone call from the manager to see what they are going to do. I would expect better service from a place that charges enough for me to receive better; stellar service. I don't plan on returning anytime soon.
Great; simple greek food and decent sized portions and one of the best pitas I have had in the valley. The pink garlic sauce is super too. Get your grub here before a movie!
Amazing authentic caribbean food; my favorite jamaican beef patties ; and the melt off the bone brown stew oxtail; w rice and peasThere is always interesting desserts like red velvet cakeA taste of home; right here in Arizona!
My Husband and I decided to give this place a try tonight and take my parents along with us. The staff was friendly and helpful. The pork was great; the brisket was perfect (and not fatty!); the waffle fries were tasty and the mac and cheese was awesome and those who ordered them; liked the beans. My Husband liked his Midwest Monster and tore that sandwich up! Even the kid ate the pork slider and we can't get him to eat much of anything these days! Needless to say; we will definitely be coming back for more! The only thing I thought they could improve on are the buns. They were cold; not very tasty or toasted.
Simply amazing! I wanted to try this place after seeing it on Triple D. We went on a Sunday after church. The place was packed; but we did not have to wait too long to get a table. Once we got our meals; every bite was absolutely delicious. We had the Brioche French Toast and the Mile-High Omelet.The French Toast was super soft and had a fantastic cinnamon/vanilla taste. Even the jelly on the table was delicious!The Omelet was amazing too. It was quite possibly the best omelet I have ever had. Also; it came with some hash browns that had a great onion flavor. I cannot say enough great things about this place!
gotta get the french dip sandwich
i like the relaxed atmosphere of this place. it's nice and dark for a dinner date and comfortable enough to grab just a glass of wine at the bar. food here is about average. there was really nothing stand out that we had during our meal but everything was cooked well and served nice and hot. service is also good; with waiters/waitresses being friendly and attentive.bar staff is pretty nice however it gets a little crazy for them during the dinner rush and you could be left waiting for a drink for a while.this place also has a lovely patio that is well equipped with heaters and a large fire pit. while i know it gets a little too cold in the winter to sit outside; this patio is perfect for fall and even summer nights. all in all a decent place in chandler for some relatively swank ambiance and a good wine selection.
I couldn't tell you what a single morsel of their food tasted like.  Went there tonight (a Saturday night) at 8pm and the place was empty; only 4 tables of people seated in the dining room and a couple of people at the bar.  Our group was seated promptly by the hostess and then we just sat.  A guy brought us water about 5 minutes after being seated and then we just continued to sit for another 10 minutes.  No one acknowledged us ever again.  The table of people sitting directly behind us had their server stop by twice as we just continued to sit there.  You'd think the server would say something and let us know that he'd be right with us...didn't happen.I was ready to order a $22 entree and a $16 glass of wine; but apparently they didn't care.  So after 15 minutes of being completely ignored and sipping on our waters; we got up and left and had a great meal at another close by restaurant.As we were leaving Milagro Grill; the hostess was very nice and thanked us for coming.  Hilarious...these people are clueless! With all of the options in this neighborhood you'd think they'd be on top of things.Good luck Milagro Grill; you're gonna need it!
I Love this place. I come here a couple times a week for lunch. Fast lunch time service. I get there when they open and I am able to get back to work in no time at all. I have had several things on the menu and everything is Great. They make mine Triple Thai Spicy for me and it is perfect. A couple of my all time favorites are Spicy eggplant with beef and Pad Kee Mow.
Poor service. Everyone was milling about when our party of 7 walked in and no one wanted to do anything...this type of lackluster attention continued. The drinks were awful. $3 margaritas sounded too good to be true and my watermelon one tasted completely artificial like they melted a jolly rancher into it or something. Blech.
I visit this place 3 weeks ago and it was; Excellent! food was very good clean and fresh.First time eating this type of food. I really enjoy :)
What a great downtown hotel!  I stayed here for business and really enjoyed my visit.  The hotel is very stylish with W-like design at a Westin price point. My regular room was large; modern with a comfortable bed and impressive bath in terms of amenities.  I even got to use the gym and pool area briefly and both were awesome.The pool is on the roof and I  did feel a bit funny lying in the sun whilst office workers toiled around me in the neighboring skyscrapers. I tried to look like I was reading a report or something but I don't think I fooled anyone.  Anyway; the restaurant did a good job for the breakfast and lunches I had there and you can even eat outside in their courtyard which I did and recommend highly. The location is central to everything and you can take the light rail across the street if you are going to the airport. The ASU campus is nearby so there are plenty of average restaurants nearby; only a few stellar choices like Breadfruit; review to follow. All in all; I would stay here again and hope they do well.
Belch. Not sure how these places have survived. Save yourself some cash and get Frys deli fried chicken.
The MAC counter is the worse!!!! Horrible stuck up over made up stuck up associates. I've been to MAC twice and not one time out of the 10 people they have working the counter do I ever get asked for help! My intentions were to go to lush but we couldn't find it and didn't have much time to find it! I had the worse experience at MAC yesterday. I wish I wore Lancôme because that lady was attentive and nice! I will never spend my money at this MAC counter again!
A must stop every time I am in Phoenix.
What a fun shopping day! I found so many places I had never been and will be going back to. It was a lot of fun finding the clues and completing the challenges. Had a lot of laughs and met some really great people. Thank you Lindsey for your work organizing this. I have been wanting to try Fifth and Wine for some time and was happy that we ended there. I will be going back! The fries were amazing!
I'm biased as I live across the street; but...  It remains my go-to place for cafe.  And; if I'm not careful; Lola will be the reason why I blow up to 300 lbs.  (The baked goods are awesome.)
I've been here a few times for benefit shows and a few times in for drinks when they've been kind enough to let us use their parking lot for charity car washes. So much fun. My husband and I always run into friends at The Rock; and if we don't; we've made new ones by the end of the night.
Love taking out of town guests to this place-the ambiance-funky; different; huge space with a very old Mexican vibe. The food is just okay-but drinks and atmosphere are so great that it makes up for the difference. Huge pond with fish in the center of the restaurant; lots of old Mexican tiles; iron patio furniture and just a really nice atmosphere for a family gathering or celebration. Highly recommended if you are looking for a place with character and just a little bit different than the usual mall restaurant.
Took a friend here tonight for the Christmas Eve buffet. All the food I tried was fresh and very good overall. I had fresh oysters on the half shell; lobster claws; king crab legs; American Kobe beef steak; baked halibut; veal oscar; lamb chop; panang curry shrimp; smoked salmon;. a spoonful of very good guacamole. and a small bowl of seafood chowder.  The crab and the lobster claws were fresh and really excellent; as were the oysters. I really liked the veal oscar and had a second piece. The kobe beef was good but I have had better; still excellent for a buffet though. The halibut was good and the smoked salmon was very good. Lamb chop and the seafood chowder were ok. The panang curry was really excellent. After eating all this I was too stuffed to try the desserts. Have to go back again to try the cheesecake. Overall my friend was very happy and I really enjoyed the food so it was a great evening. Cost was $35 a person plus drinks if you order liquor. I stuck with ice tea but my friend had a drink and she said it was very good. Service could not have been any better; pushing on fantastic for a buffet. Had to wait about 20 minutes to get a table but it was worth it. I'll be back again!!
I'm a fan - though avoid the deep fried deviled eggs that they offer every table. They were not at all what I expected (and I happen to love deviled eggs). The rest of our experience from the butter salad to her chicken with stuffing and my pork chop and baked beans were decadent. The coconut cake desert was one of the best moments of my life. Beckett's is an upscale experience at mid-range prices.
2 stars based only the delivery experience... Product quality is OK that warrants a 3 or 4 star rating however you need to get the product shipped to you and that's where they loose major points! They can't give you a good time window for delivery; they call you to confirm in the daytime and call you back after 630 to give you a time window which would be OK but why make the first call when the 2nd call tells you what you really need to know. You can't say I want a delivery in the AM or PM; you can't request a time window; they tell you that your delivery is based on your location; they start with the farthest out and work their way back in... problem is that the drivers re-arrange their routes to better suit their needs so in essence you may as well plan on being home from 8am to 8pm because you'll never get lucky enough to have an actual delivery window. The flaw in their system is what gives them a low score... fix deliveries and I'd be willing to change the rating. Also to be clear; I've purchased from them several times; the fact that I have an open credit line with them and the quality of the goods is (no pun intended) good; makes me go back but the experience is always soured when I get the person on the phone telling me that it's their way or no way ... so basically you get what you get; stay home all day and hope that it's OK when it's delivered! Spend less money on TV advertising and ramp up your delivery operations!
I love going to Scott's for breakfast. Very casual; seat yourself. The staff is very friendly and it seems everyone has worked there for ages - maybe family. Try the LEO (lox; eggs; onions) special. Their sandwiches are huge. Seriously; I'm not sure how one gets his or her entire mouth around a bite. And; being from the northeast and a member of the tribe myself; I love the feeling of an authentic Jewish deli.
I just returned from Culver's and lets just say my experience was not a good one. I will say that the place was very very clean and well kept (bravo for that). There were also nice; large TV's that were showing the football game. The two young boys working the cashier were very nice. My mom was taking quite a while to look over the menu and they asked if she had any questions etc. We ordered and went to sit down in the dining area. Once we sat down there were two employees eating. I assumed they were on their lunch break or had just gotten off work and were having a bite to eat. It was a male and a female employee. The male employee was extremely rude and obnoxious. He was sitting in the booth chewing up his food and opening his mouth to show his other co workers who were all the way across the establishment behind the cash registers. Everyone who was sitting in the dining area was looking at him in disgust. You are an employee; yes you are probably 15 or 16 but really? I was so grossed out by this! The he continued to do that while laying down across the booth and flailing his arms and legs knocking into the table causing a lot of noise and a scene. I don't know who the manager is; but I don't find that acceptable at all. Food:All of my midwest friends rave about this place. I honestly have no idea why. I ordered a burger. It looked nothing like what it was supposed to look like and the actual meat part of it was paper thin and crispy looking (ew). My mom ordered the pulled pork BBQ sandwich and they brought out something else but were very nice and responsive and brought out the correct food quickly. She didn't think the food was that great either. Let's just say I will not be returning; and maybe the management needs to reevaluate allowing employees to take breaks with customers; or else clean house. That is not acceptable anywhere for an employee to behave as this one did.
Totally adorable; vegan-loving coffee shop! My girlfriend brought me here for the first time last week; and I loved it a lot! The atmosphere alone is great. Lots of chairs and tables; has wifi; and is definitely in favor of anyone with a laptop needing somewhere to work. I had the iced coffee; was strong like I like it; and also had the cinnamon sugar donut. A little pricey for a college student on a budget; but you get what you pay for! I'll definitely be back!
The BEST brie & tenderloin toast. Yum!!!  But make sure you ask for the triple cream brie; it's new.....Again; YUM!!!
My wife; my son and I had a FANTASTIC lunch today at Italian Restaurant.  My wife and I are Brooklyn born and raised and It DEFINITELY met our New York City expectations.  The prosciutto was EXCELLENT; the homemade mozzarella  was to die for; and the flour less chocolate cake was the best we had ever had.   The bread reminded me of what I used to eat at the famous Carolina Restaurant in Coney Island when I was a kid. I give this place 5 stars and highly recommend it!
Nice outdoor patio but it was cold when we went so we opted for a nice cozy seat inside. Nice menu and healthy selections ..+ and + !Hummus; ;lettuce wraps; shrimp; veggies; cheese... we ordered so much food between two ppl even the waiter asked when the last time we ate was...lol we had the munchies what can i say :)Quick service and the bill didn't hurt too much either.... check it out for apps and drinks!!
It's Starbucks; so you know what to expect in terms of product. This location gets an above average rating because they have not screwed up my order too often and because it is closest drive-thru location on my way to work. The drive thru entry and exit is a little wonky--but this seems to be the case with all other Starbucks in this area (if I ever happen upon a Starbucks with a thoughtfully designed drive thru; I just may faint from the shock).
YUM! they make veggie cheese steaks where the meat is made of soy. SO GOOD! And a great option for vegetarians.
I never liked the way you're supposed to order your food at Paradise - it could get confusing if you have a big order and you need to keep track of all the sandwiches; salads; soups; etc... Anyhow; I still go to Paradise because the food IS tasty and their cookies are yummylicious. Went to dinner here tonight with my husband and three little ones. I ordered our food and of course received the salads and soups right away since they serve it up while you're standing there. We sat down and waited 25 minutes (!!!) for our sandwiches and my daughter's Mac n Cheese kids meal. And we got there when it was slow! We noticed people that got there after us already had their food. Then finally a guy comes up with the wrong kids meal. Finally a manager arrived with our food. She apologized and said she would give us a refund. I thought she was going to refund a sandwich; but she ended up refunding us the full $45! For that I was grateful. While my husband was waiting for her to refund our dinner; I noticed a couple people were at the counter because their orders were wrong or they too were receiving a refund of some sort. The manager was nice. The other staff were so-so. Next time we'll go to another location...
Average food cheap beer. They are pretty standard but it is a good place if you want to get a cheap buzz. Used to go here a lot when I lived in chandler for the food.
I love this grocery store! Everything is always clean and I have never had to wait in long lines to check out.  The people who work there are also very helpful and friendly. With the Fry's gas station in the same complex (where you can cash in those fuel perks to save on gas); it's very convenient.  Although we try to make weekly grocery store trips; we inevitably end up needing just one more thing for a meal.  Since I drive right by this store on my way home from work; I often swing in to pick up bread for the pasta; a dessert we just have to have; etc.  The self-checkout is extremely convenient; and there's always someone stationed there in case you need some help.It is still one of the general; chain grocery stores; so they don't carry anything overly unique; however; I must admit I was pleasantly surprised to find they did have DeLallo's Italian items (a wonderful little market that is located near my old home in Western Pennsylvania).  This is absolutely one of my favorite stores; which is saying something considering it's a grocery store and my idea of cooking is heating something in the microwave!
Went to the Compass Room for a Holiday dinner.  We don't mind paying more for outstanding food and service; but I felt  this restaurant delivered neither.  With the steep prices; it stung a little more that the experience was not excellent.  Service was relatively slow; and the main dishes were mediocre.  True; the view is spectacular; and the drinks are very good.  But the food and service were a disappointment.  I think there were not enough servers on staff that night; which could have accounted for the sluggish service; but I expect a restaurant of this caliber to always have adequate staff on hand!  I would not go back for dinner.  Maybe just drinks or dessert; and to enjoy the view;
This is some of the best vegetarian pho out there.  It is so flavorful and delicious.  The veggies you get with it are perfect.  I have been to some other places where the veggie selection in the pho is lacking; but not here.  My man (a meat-eater) even gets the veggie broth because he actually likes it better.  (He does add some rare beef to it though).The staff is always extremely friendly and accommodating.  Happy hour is good.  I recommend the spring rolls; which are around $3 with happy hour.You can certainly leave here happy; full; and with money still in your wallet.
There are actually two shops here at the Heard; one for books and food items and another for jewelry and collectibles.  Both are great.When we come to the Heard; either here or in way North Scottsdale; we find we can never leave without a purchase or two.  Granted the jewelry case is much harder to resist.  But; most of the jewelry items are similar to those found elsewhere; such as in Old Town Scottsdale.  It's a matter of price and what catches your eye.As I mentioned above; the other Museum shop is filled with books and food items for the home; or to send away to family members as gifts for birthdays and the Holidays.  Recently we were here with an out of town relative and must of picked the close-out book section clean.Enjoy!
Great food. The chef's table was great. Eddie and his wife had the kids in working too. Mushroom bisque was on the menu tonight and it was fantastic.
I love this store. I went to go look at water softeners and this guy Jim; was the best; he knew a bunch of stuff I didnt know and explained why the more expensive one was the way to go. We didnt buy it right then but we plan on going back for it. I did buy a refrigerator from the guy in appliances who was also very helpful and knowledgable; I cant remember his name though; he had a shaved head and a beard. Well we got screwed by our warranty company for the home thats another story; (if you want to read it look for Fidelity Home Title on Arizona Ave.); and had to buy a water heater. Jim helped us again and we were able to get it installed the next day. They have got a customer here who will spend the money in their store because of their customer service. I will shop there even if it is more just becasue of the way they treat me. Their warranty plans are also not bad either. I highly recommend this Lowes in particular. Im even thinking of buying a new washer and dryer here too!
Bacon and popcorn was good. Pork belly pastrami was the real treat though. After that the chopped salad was a great original kind of taste that I have never had before. Thanks to the bartender Thomas for good conversation and superb craft cocktails. I hope to visit again soon.
They catered in house at an event here and it was wonderful!
We purchased a lving social to try this place out since my daughter loves horses and I thought maybe this is something we can do for long term. The horses and trainers are great; management is not. We showed up for first lesson; everything went great; kids had fun and it was informative for the adults. When we tried to schedule the 2nd lesson from the deal it was hard to get people to call us back via phone and text. It took my husband a whole week trying to book the appt. The worst part is today when he showed up with my 4 year old; he was told the ground is too muddy to have the regular lesson and no one bothered to call him and let him know. Imagine telling a 4 year old she can't ride the horse today after you show up. It took him an hour to get there from where we live! I will not recommend this place. If it wasn't because we have already paid for the 2nd lesson; I wouldn't even bother calling the 2nd time to make appt.
Visited this restaurant last weekend and while the food I had was good; the service was slow and we had to wait forever for our check.  The problem I  experienced last weekend was the women's rest room I believe if the health department was called they would have been shut down.  The smell alone would make you vomit; someone KNEW there was a problem and had a candle burning; and one of the stalls had an out of order sign... hence a major problem.
I was in an emergency looking for pastries and got to Honey Moon Sweets as they were closing. Tim was super nice and opened again for me !Their petit sweets are just what I needed; they look great for a party and taste amazing.
This cupcake spot has excellent customer service.  This is something that is very hard to find these days.  My husband and I ordered 7 cupcakes for a gender reveal celebration we are doing with my family.  They were extremely helpful and pleasant.  When I went to pick them up; they were nicely presented in a very cute box.  They even had an extra one made for us with a congrats sign.  Thank you Gigis Cupcakes.  We will definitely be back for more delicious cupcakes. :)
No cover to get in; and I get to shoot respectable liquors like Red Stag for $1 each? Is this real life?Vine is probably the most inexpensive; happening place you can spend a Monday night. And it's not just for college kids--I see a mix of people hanging out to sip on drinks and watching football in the evening. Later at night; there's live music and a patio with a passable social scene. There's a good bar menu; and while there are only two bartenders--they're rather efficient. I understand not everything likes to get crazy so early in the week; but at this dive; the Tuesday morning after is worth it.
PCL no longer exists.   The club name has changed to EpiQ
I love this place. There is a huge beer selection - 52 beers - and the food is great with large portions. Happy hour is my favorite time to go and I can get full from appetizers with no problem. The atmosphere and service is also outstanding; and I will definitely beer a returning customer.
The best juice place I've discovered in the Phoenix area.  Everything is cold pressed within a day and comes in a variety of flavors.  Many times juices can be incredibly difficult to swallow but these are all surprisingly tasty.The staff is knowledgeable and willing to spend quite a bit of time with you answering questions or developing your own program.  The word is starting to get out which leads to them occasionally running out of juices.  It's best to go in the morning to be assured of getting the juices you want.
This night was UNBELIEVABLE! I repeat; UNBELIEVABLE! This 13 course meal was spectacular and indefinitely exceeded expectations. I have no idea how next year's December Elite Event could top this one. My +1 and I thought the appetizers were delish. Notable dishes included the fried brussel sprouts and local mozzarella cheese. I thought that was the course paired with wines such as Laetitia Pino Noir were good choices. Drink selection was superb! We tried 2 specialty drinks; which were fresh; and some of the best drinks I've had with a splash of mint. We also had champagne; and a special desert wine paired with the red velvet chocolate cake. The red velvet cake was not overpoweringly sweet; but light; moist; and very tasty! I loved the prime rib and the salmon also! The prime rib just fell of my fork and the salmon was very tender and soft. The only thing that could be better about it is if they got Wild Alaskan Salmon instead of the farm raised (the wild has less mercury). Overall; I am sooooooo fortunate to be invited to this event! We got chocolate bags in the beginning and then iPic movie tix (2) with dinner + wine. Other notable dishes were the calamari and scallops. I'd say tho my top plates were: 1) prime rib 2) red velvet cake paired with wine 3) salmon 4) brussel sprouts and 5) local cheese! This is a 5 star restaurant and it's an honor to be invited. Great Job Tanzy Staff and Lindsey for putting on the event!!!!! =)
Awesome great food and great ambiance
I tried this place for the first time on Saturday and was very happy that I did. This is going to be one of my favorite breakfast places! The staff was top notch with fast friendly service. I had the ham and eggs with a pancake and hash browns. Everything was very flavorful and cooked perfectly.  My friend had the made from scratch corned beef hash and it looked awesome so I will want to try that myself next time. They had a sign on the door We don't serve fast food; we serve good food as fast as we can  The strawberry preserves were really good; I was tempted to buy a jar of them on my way out. Price was reasonable for the quality and quantity of food I received. I will definitely be a regular here!
We have had so many problems with this restaurant through the years.  We would stop going for a while and then decide to try it again.  Yesterday was our last try.This restaurant consistently has a problem with food temperature.  Yesterday my teriyaki chicken; baked potato; broccoli entree was lukewarm at best and the broccoli soggy (they are very hit and miss with the vegetables).  I stopped the rude waitress as she was flying by if they had a microwave.  She said yes.  I asked her if she would take the plate and put it in the microwave for 30 seconds and she said yes.  Next thing I know; I see her serving another table and then going to the bar and doing some work there.  I go up to her and ask where my plate of food is.  Soon; I see a man (I later learn he is the manager and could not believe it because he seemed more like a guy with the deer in the headlights look than a manager!) bringing a whole new plate of food to the table (he says it wasn't but I had already cut my chicken and had a piece and this was a new piece.  So; get this - this plate of food is COLDER than the first one and this was the manager of the restaurant serving it!  He seemed confused and befuddled.  I asked to have the entree removed from our bill.If this was the first time we had experienced problems here; we probably would have considered going back.  Through the years since this restaurant has opened; though; we have encountered cold food; frequently bad service and; sometimes; no service at all.  There was one visit where we sat at our table after being seated for 10 minutes on a quiet Monday at lunchtime and no server ventured even near us and we got up and left before having even been greeted.  No one seemed to care whether we were there or not.
We have been here a couple times. The place is nice and has great outside seating. Staff pretty friendly. Food is definitely good but know it is a bit pricy for what you get. We love food though so we are willing to pay for good food. This place can get busy so reservations are always good.
Although the food was good after waiting 50 minutes after ordering to get it to our table; at this point I would NOT recommend this place to anyone. The mango peach tea was awful; the service may have been faster if they were in a coma...unbelievable. I also did not approve of having UFC fighting on almost all of the TVs. Not my idea of entertainment watch two guys beat the hell out of each other. But considering they just opened and I understand there are some bugs to work out; I will consider going back one last time to if see anything improves. If not; I wouldn't miss the place.
Crazy as it sounds; I LOVE the chicken teriyaki bowl!
Patty melt= yum! I don't really bother rating fast food joints; but this place won me with the customer service. I drove through today and got a patty melt (of course!) and I was handed my food with the usual smile and have a nice day. I replied you too; and she responded with of course!. I love working here. I drove off wondering if she was sarcastic or not only to get home with some strange sandwich that i didn't order! Me; being cranky when I'm hungry; rehearsed all the lines in my head that I will say if they don't give me my money back. i want to speak to your manager!; or You just lost a loyal customer. I hope you burn. When I walked in the door; a manger quickly saw i was carrying a bag through the door; and asked what happened. I said  i drove all the way home to find out that I received the wrong order. He quickly and sincerely apologized; and gave me a free meal coupon; a free ice cream coupon; threw in some fresh fries; and the girl working the drive through window came out and personally apologized. I was blown away by how much they cared about their customers; especially when the McDonald's across the street would tell my to go shove it where the sun don't shine. I don't mind when mistakes are made as long as the company recognizes and fixes the mistake. In this case it was more than fixed; because they want and have earned my business. Super friendly staff! Thanks!
I have to admit; I hated the Cheesecake Factory for a long time. The menu is too large! How can you perfect anything when your menu is a dictionary?  I was forced to go for a company party; so I decided to try their new skinnylicious menu (ridiculous name; yes; but I'm not reviewing their naming abilities). I have to admit; it was actually really good. I had the arugula; beet and goat cheese salad. Perfect portion size; I ate it all and the mushroom flat bread. It was very satisfying and the portion was perfect; my husband only got one bite of each. We also followed up with some cheesecake and I was reminded that they do make great cheesecake. I would definitely not complain as much if I was forced to go again!
Scottsdale has so many fufu fancy fusion style twisty no look resaturants. It is a breath of fresh  air to get a NEW restaurant that stays true to its classical Mexican roots. ATS hit a homerun not only with the food and service but also the location. The Carne Asada burritos as well as the Pollo Asada are phenomal. I also go XL on the food trust me you won't regret it. The food leaves you full and not bloated like many other Mexican restaurants around Old Town. The back patio as a cool ambiance and is a great place to get out of the Old Town scence for a second. The chips and salsa are delicious and they also have a good quesadilla. I would recommend this place when your looking for a good go to Mexican meal.
Yes the buffet is huge; but honestly it wasn't very good! Especially for 22.50 a plate.
My kids loved this place.  Unfortunately it had to close due to personal issues of the owner.  Please; someone; open this place back up!
My family and extended family dined there New Years Eve; there were a total of 11 of us.  The service was stellar!!  The food was great!  Still dreaming about my Kaui steak!  I will go back!!
One of the best places to spa in the Valley.  My favorite place.  The staff make your time there; a time of peace and R & R.
Good food and service
Went for lunch on a weekday.  The decor is great; I love the colors and the relaxing atmosphere.  The fresh bread with three flavored butters is awesome; especially the pretzel bread - yum!  I tried the entree of the day; which was a shrimp and scallop risotto.  My fiance had the basil-crusted chicken breast with gnocchi and asparagus.  Both dishes were incredible; perfectly cooked and well seasoned; with appropriate portion sizes.  We both loved it and will definitely go back again.
Best pizza I've ever had...hands down.  It lives up to the hype.  In fact; I've been now 3 times before writing this review as I wanted to make sure my 'best pizza' claim was true.  Each time I've had a different pizza and each time I've walked away wanting more.  The crust is amazing and it is cool to watch them make the pizzas.  Best time to go is for lunch...but get there early as it fills up quick.  The restaurant is small and cozy...with a cool bar next door if you are caught with long wait.  It isn't often that places live up to the hype...but Pizzeria Bianco exceeds it!
I've never been a fan of sushi for the 29 years of my life but since I've gone to yellow tail... Sushi is all I want to eat and crave for!!!!  We ALWAYS get the dragon roll; tootsie;  Louie and my FAVorite.... The New Orleans roll! Omg. TO-die-FOR! What's even better (if possible) is the customer service. The bar tenders to the waitress to the sushi chief to the owner..  All greets you as you walk in the door and thanks you before you leave.  I love that. Ro... Is our server and she's awesome!!!  Cat also took good care of us before so we like her too! Anyway bottom line... I wish I could afford to eat sushi all days of the week. But I will only eat it here cause no one else compares!  BEST SUSHI IN TOWN!!!!!
This is my second time coming here; and I must say that the cupcakes are great. They have a lot of choices for cupcakes; and everything I have tasted has been awesome.I will break it down into Pros & Cons. Pros:Awesome tasteplenty of choicesSo far the girl that helped me has been nice (have not dealt with other staff)Nice decorationsCons:Staff is never there when you walk in; and do not show up for several minuteslimited cake flavorsI will expand on this last one.Every cupcake appears to be the same but with different toppings on top. It would be nice to have different flavors of cake with different toppings. Example would be that the Raspberry cupcake is regular cake with Raspberry frosting. I was hoping for Raspberry cake with some frosting stuff. Is that weird to want that?Overall this place is great for when you want a spendy but good tasting cake.The high prices will for sure help me not have too many repeat visits; and help with me losing weight. :)
They have a little of everything.  When the items on sale on clearance it is a plus!  The employees are super helpful.
After being here countless times; I came on to Yelp to revise my review only to find that I've never reviewed the Pasty. I am shocked!Before my last two visits; I would have rated the Cornish Pasty a solid 5-Stars with no hesitation. The food is still amazing and gets 5 Stars.But; oh; the service... it has gone downhill. While never amazing in the service department; I could ignore the occasional blip because the food was just that good.After two bad experiences in a row; I am no longer able to overlook the rudeness of the servers. I'm not sure what has happened at the Pasty; but the service has gone sharply downhill.My second to latest visit had a server who seemed to forget about our table the instant he walked away from it. He had to be asked THREE times for menus! We ended up getting them ourselves. Then he kept forgetting our drinks and forgot to put in our order. I had to ask repeatedly for refills because he would say OK and then never bring them. Our dinner took over two hours from the time we sat down to finishing because of the constant delays with the server.And then there was last night. Our server  had to asked for my water to be filled twice and he forgot to put in our order (why is this a trend here!?). Then he didn't bother to inform my sister-in-law that they were out of her beverage and had decided to substitute it for something else without consulting her. But it was the last person we interacted with that really pissed us off. This redheaded guy (not sure if he was a waiter or busser) was delivering a water to someone and I asked if when he was done; would he mind taking our picture. He said sure and walked back to the drink station. As he walked by AGAIN to clean our table of our drinks; I held up the camera and smiled and he snarled (literally!) that I'm a little busy here!; turned his back; and stomped away. I was floored at his rudeness. At this point; I think I'm done with this location. I don't need to be paying to be treated like this. There is no excuse for paying customers to be treated so unprofessionally.
Went here last night and noticed something was different. After reading others; now i know why. Corporate sell-out.No matter. We still had a great time working our way through the Happy Hour menu. Asian wings were great and all drums. Whoohoo! Split a Widow burger (good but not great) and also had fried zucchini and chips and salsa. Salsa was very salty and garlic-y but very fresh. Overall; service was friendly and attentive even though there did seem to be a longer than normal wait for drinks to re-appear. Food was good and prices were average. Best part was; though; it was the deadest I've ever seen it. Thanks Corporate!
If i could give zero stars i would.    calling what i ate a pizza would be an insult to pizza.    hands down worst pizza i've ever had.
While I don't wish to reveal personal medical information; I feel very strongly about Aletris. Dr. Dye is currently treating me for what other doctors told me was a chronic condition. After years of seeing doctors and specialists; I still felt like something was missing and that I could get better with the right help. I've progressed significantly and she has found the cause of my symptoms; and I do not have a chronic condition. My health issues stem from diet/lifestyle; and making changes there has had an enormous impact on my health.Dr. Dye is the first naturopath I've ever worked with; and I didn't really know what naturopathy is all about. It's amazing spending 45 minutes or more with a doctor. Dr. Dye ordered lab tests that provided a lot of information; and always spent a lot of time with me discussing what was working; what was going on in my body; and what treatment would be. I'm healthier than I ever have been and no one else; not even specialists; were able to help me like Dr. Dye. I'm very confident that I did no unnecessary testing or supplements; the doctors here clearly have your best interest at heart and are considerate of the costs that go along with treatment (which I found to be extremely reasonable). Dr. Dye worked to identify and treat the cause; instead of just treating the symptoms. It's very different from visiting other practitioners and I've really found it to be amazing! I am so grateful.
I've been there twice for lunch.  The food is good - I don't think I can rave about it like others; but a good; nice; trendy place to take business clients.  The second time we were there my boss had flown in from out of town and the service was terrible - so inattentive.  Drinks weren't brought out; he didn't write down our orders and had to come back and ask what I wanted to eat; etc.  I thought maybe it was because they were busy; but we had a long lunch and the waiter was still MIA even after the rush was over.  My boss had to physically GET UP and find the waiter to give him his credit card so we could leave.  I see I'm not the first to complain about slow service so hopefully it's something they can fix.
I highly recommend Dr. Roxie Strand and her excellent staff. I haven't been a patient of Dr. Strand for over 3 1/2 almost 4 years. I came to Dr. Strand very frustrated with a pretty severe thyroid condition that I could not get control of my weight. (after seeing 4 different doctors over the past 6 years prior) After consulting with Dr. Strand we ran a series of blood tests; and got on a specific regimen of thyroid medication and additionally a specific diet plan and now I have been able to maintain my weight about 45 pounds less than I came to her with ....not to mention she's been extremely helpful in many other areas of my life and my health; and I have never felt better. If you are struggling with your weight or you're looking for somebody that is extremely knowledgeable in Naturopathic health please don't hesitate to go visit Dr. Strand.
I had a chicken & pesto sandwich that was absolutely delicious.  It had rosated red peppers and sauteed mushrooms.  It was truly satisfying for lunch.It was hard to decide on what to have as the menu has a lot to choose from.  It does get very busy at lunch-time during the week; seating can be a challenge.  The staff is very friendly and polite.  Noise level is in the mid to high range but nothiing annoying.I recommend giiving it a try if you are in the mood for a soup or salad offers more than standard ingredients.
We went here after watching some fancy cooking show. We inquired about a certain steak that is prepared a certain and drawn out way that wasn't on the menu. WE just happened to mention this and our waiter went and asked about it; Fantastic; So thankful this was the best dinner I have had In years! Actually the best steak of my life! Love this place!! So thoughtful and amazing that they could make this work although it wasn't on the menu!! Total kudos!
So far; I've been to two of their locations; and I absolutely love this place.  The atmosphere; decor; the food - all of it amazing.
I was so excited to try this place. I see their tweets everyday; and last week I thought Today is the day Im finally gonna go. Mistake.I decided to go through the drive thru as their patio looked packed. I got to the speaker; ordered my sandwich (the club); and asked what sides they had since they were nowhere on the menu. The guy on the other end of the speaker sighed and said he'd be right out. Um ok... He came to my window and said Yeah we dont have them listed but people usually know. I explained that this was my 1st time there and he replied well we have chips and fruit and a little salad. I asked what kind of chips they had and he sighed and said Sun Chips What kind? All of them. French Onion? *sigh* Nope. I asked for whatever he had. He then said well the combo (again; not listed on the drive thru menu) comes w/ lemonade or iced tea. I gave him my choice and he said I was all set and off he went. Now; they were very; very busy so I dont fault them for my wait time at all. However; a couple of the guys that were working the lunch shift this day were so unprofessional. When I was at the window; after I had signed my receipt one of them hung out the window to have a shouting conversation w/ one of his friends that was leaving. As for the guy who took my order; I never saw him again. I got my food and left.Let me tell you what I paid almost $10 for: a small lemonade; a bag of Sun Chips; and a tiny sandwich. Are you kidding me? I mean; I know theyre categorized as a healthy place; but this sandwich was about as small as a McDonalds hamburger; and unfortunately; not very tasty.I dont think Ill be going back.
Easily one of the best Sushi restaurants in Scottsdale; we come here every so often.  It can get busy during week...best day to come is Sunday; when it's slow and you get more personal attention.Some fav dishes I've had here are:12 oz Filet; $46http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/roka-akor-scottsdale-4?select=s2yMVUm96Ovi4wVrb4FAZg#s2yMVUm96Ovi4wVrb4FAZgPremium Nigiri - Sashimi; $6 - $24http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/roka-akor-scottsdale-4?select=Z7AaYrSD2y1bED0HBzf56A#Z7AaYrSD2y1bED0HBzf56AEdamame; $4.50Grilled Chicken Yakitori; $7.50Deluxe Sashimi Platter - Market PriceThe atmosphere in the restaurant is very modern and upscale.  You definitely pay for it when the bill comes; but it's worth it in my opinion.Return Factor - 100%
When I ordered a beef sandwich; I was instead brought out a chicken sandwich.  Obviously; surprised I asked the waitress and she replied; we'll; I hope you like the surprise!I can't make this up!   Haven't been back since.  Need some wait staff training.
Good sports bar.  We visit to see a game on a big screen. Food is decent: pizza; sandwiches; salads. Wine is good but grossly overpriced. Service is almost always good.
One of my favorite spots in Scottsdale - Deseo never disappoints.  I especially LOVE their cheese bread - it's unbelievable.  I've eaten a ton of their main meals and frequently order the chef special of the night; which never disappoints.  I love sitting up at the bar near the kitchen and watching the chefs create the magnificent food.  This place is really great.  Consider date night here - it's intimate and romantic!
I couldn't believe my eyes. I went to pick up my take out order from Pita Jungle and oh my; a FRO-YO place (yes I was screaming in my head).  Just a few days ago; I was telling my hubby that Desert Ridge needed a fro-yo place.  I have to have one close by.  Why the 5 stars; because of Pistachio.  I hope they are smart enough to keep that one all the time.  My favorite fro-yo place does; but they are 22 miles away from home.  The place is clean and the space is pretty nice.  As other reviewer said; it will be a great dessert after PJ.  I know my twins will love it.
I will admit that I am kind of a pizza snob. I've had great pizza from it being homemade or from the big city. The last two chain pizzerias I had been to were awful so I was very wary about eating here.I was really impressed with the pizza I ordered the thin crusted Sicilian with capicola ham; salami; sausage; and topped with fresh basil. It was the best pizza I had eaten in a long time and the person accompanying me had chosen a very good pie too. They had a Hawaiian style barbeque chicken pizza that I though was awesome even though that is not something I would typically order.The service was good. It was kind of cold in the sense that it wasn't personal or very friendly; yet it was very fast and efficient. The pizza was good; but I can't imagine ordering anything other than that off the menu. I'll definitely be back for some pizza in the future.
We ate here New Year's Day for dinner.  The server was rude when my daughter did not bring her id.  He told her if the appetizer she ordered was not enough as an entree; the soup could be brought out fast; but he never asked her again if she wanted the soup.  Her appetizer was over-cooked.  The rice that came with my chicken poblano was so over-cooked you could stick a fork in it and lift most of it up.  He brought me a new bowl of rice but I had to flag him down to get his attention.  The fried plantains were so over-cooked; they could not be cut with the knife.  I did not bother to ask for replacements.  My meal never should have left the kitchen. Some of the appetizer guacamole spilled on the table; but no one cleaned it up; although the server saw it; as did the water server.  The server was even cautious not to put the bill on it.  To top off the mediocre meal; they were out of the dessert we ordered; but the server didn't know it until he came back from the kitchen to tell us. It was just a disappointment.  We came from another resort to try this place because of the reviews. It just seemed like the place didn't care about the service or the food.
Great coffee and a new joint on the corner now. A light bitter coffee but it definitely beats Starbucks; hands down.
It took me a long time to try this place.  I do have to admit; I am not a big fan of food trucks.  In the back of my mind I wonder how sanitary they are.  Do they have adequate hand washing facilities?  One evening sometime ago I ignored my pre conceived ideas and gave them a shot.  The menu is small; tacos; nachos; burritos and I think maybe hotdogs and hamburgers.  What really caught my eye was the carne asada taco. Maybe one of the best tacos I have tasted and only one dollar each.  Be warned these are on the spicy hot side and I don't usually like spicy hot.  The flavor really is terrific and I quickly forget that my mouth is on fire.
I love this place; they always have good records at good prices. 45's & Cd's too. But their main focus is vinyl. T-shirts too. And tons of dollar records. There's always oddball stuff on the walls & cool music playing that won't send you screaming for the door. They know their stuff & pay really good prices for good records (half of what they sell it for; sometimes more). You'll get a better deal here than anywhere else. Lots of used punk; garage; rhythm n' blues; & classic oldies. Classic rock; jazz; reggae; etc. Cool destination in the heart of Old Town Scottsdale.
This is tucked away in a non descript strip mall and is nothing to look at. Don't bother if ambiance is what you are after. If; though; you just want a decent gyro; then check the joint out. It seemed as though they weren't selling a lot a gyros based on the slight crispiness on the edges of the meat; but it is tasty; plenty of tatziki sauce and crispy fires. All at a very reasonable price. I will stop by again when we are in the area.
Okay.  Quasi-Asian. PF Chang-lite.Two soda machines with dozens of options holds things up and causes lines.
this place is awesome! called once with something and they knew exactly what i wanted when i called again. even knew the address; phone number; what liked; how much it was; and long its gonna take!! I didn't have to say anything and it was all said and done in like under 2 minutes! Highly recommend this to any 420 friendly consumers. fast; legit; eazzzzy.
YUM! Just had the Once Upon a Time in Mexico with pork marinated in lemon; orange; anchote and tequila. Fresh and surprising flavors. They know what they are doing!
I ate at Haji-Baba for the first time today and will definitely be going back! I had the beef shawarma plate and it came LOADED with food. The extremely tender beef melted in your mouth and the rice and salad complimented it perfectly. There's no doubt this place is a hit (especially for lunch). We got there before the rush but when we were leaving; there was a line forming just waiting for tables to clear. The sandwiches are a very good price as well ~$4.00 so I might try that next. If you like middle eastern food; this is the place to go!
Urban cookies and Ollicakes cupcakes are my go-to spot for when I need to brighten someone's day.  I will say that my favorite cupcake flavors are the orangeblossom; coconut and german chocolate.  Strawberry buttercream is pretty darn tasty too.  The cookies don't ever disappoint.  Sweet without being cloying; flavor packed and pretty to boot.  Bonus; they are open until at least six and that makes my run home a lot sweeter!
When I made our reservation; I jokingly added a note that my wife and I were celebrating our 16.5 wedding anniversary.  Eddie V's; though; took it seriously and pulled out all the stops - rose petals on our table; signed Happy Anniversary card; and free dessert.  I mentioned several times that it wasn't really our anniversary; but they would hear nothing about that!  LOVED IT!  We will be going back as often as we can!
Best coffee I've had from a coffee shop; delicious drinks; friendly staff and comfortable environment. The house coffee was always strong and bold; but has a smooth earthy flavor. The bloody mary was my favorite late saturday drink; it was spicy and perfect. I give four stars instead of five because of the heartbreaking horrible pastries. A pastry should taste delicious and colorful and beautiful. Fuck the fat and sugar....it is a PASTRY folks. The pastries here taste like a bowl of plain oatmeal. Anyway; other than that this place is awesome.
Cool atmosphere in a nice area of town - prices are pretty even with nicer sushi restaurants I've visited in any major city (in other words; a little higher than you'd typically see in a smaller town; or in a place with less attention to decor).My friend and I shared several items; the hotty hamachi was the standout for me.  Great flavor; but not too much to overpower the fish. Seaweed salad was also good.  Can't remember the roll we had; but it was just okay.  Tuna nigiri was great; and the two orders of yellowtail nigiri we had were split - first one was great; second order wasn't as tasty (different fish I guess).
Watched Game 1 of the World Series here and had a great time; typical bar food; but excellent service and let us take our time; checked in with us regularly but not too pushy either.
Kaleidoscope juices and salads have changed my life!  Made from the finest; purest organic real vegetables and fruits - they are delicious and they help you feel better; healthier and more balanced throughout the day.  The cravings disappear as well as the pounds the more you drink!  Highly recommend and nice to know the owner is committed to improving the health of her customers!
Our experience with Brand X was nothing short of awesome. Courteous; helpful; responsive staff. Great looking final product. Amazingly quick turnaround time (tip: it's quicker if you order the Next Level brand; and the shirts are really nice!). We provided the basic design and asked them if they could add an effect to our text. They said it could be done easily; and the result was perfect!I was really just flat out impressed with this place. I'd definitely recommend it to anyone looking for a custom t-shirt shop!
Dr. Kanarish is an absolutely amazing vet!  He is treating my elderly cats for various conditions. He gives my cats an extremely thorough exam; and he spends a lot of time with me discussing my cats medical issues and answering my questions.  He really takes his time with me and gives me personalized attention.  Also; his rates are very reasonable.I can tell that Dr. Kanarish loves his job and genuinely cares about pets.  He is extremely friendly and personable; and one of the nicest people that I have ever met.
Goodwill has always been one of my favorite organizations; and this is going to sound a little selfish; but the truth is; I like them for two big reasons:1.  I can get rid of things that are taking up space such as old clothes; toys; etc that I would feel bad about just throwing away.& 2.  I get a receipt so I can remember to claim the charitable deductions on my taxes. So this location is always helpful and friendly by the way; so bring in your stuff and do a good thing!
Busy little breakfast place. Everyone I went with had savory breakfasts and they were very good. The sweet stuff looked good too. The coffee wasn't great; but they have a full specialty coffee menu as well. The service was lacking; but the food made up for it and I'd go back!
Cash only!!! Have been here several times. Only did not wait for a place to sit twice after about 15 visits. Have tried almost all things on menu; but the 2 faves are: Cherry Kijafa Crepes & Mandarin Crepes. Along with  the omelets; all pancakes...All yummy! Only bad thing from last visit; pancakes were almost cold before got syrup & butter...:(
...it is very much a Love/Hate thing; but I lean towards the Love because they simply have so much useful stuff...and so much stuff that fits in obscure spaces.  No; it isn't the greatest quality furniture on earth; but for a dustpan; or a soap bowl; or a storage piece to fit in a narrow slot at the end of the hall?  Yeah; they've got that in about 6 different styles and 3 different colors.
The Buffalo Chicken Wrap is also delicious.  It is a great alternative if you do not want a huge hogie.  The meat was delicious and high quality and the sauce and veggies were perfect.
I stopped into the cutest new fab place for lunch today. There wraps and sandwiches are amazing and great size. The freshest food and sweetest staff. I would def eat here again. The decor is amazing and very trendy. Fast and Friendly. It is ridiculously good!!!!!!!!!
The tortas were really good... we've been here before; this time we got a USA and Del Ray.  One torta easily feeds 2 pretty hungry adults.We did have one issue - last time we went here I'd ordered a steak quesadilla; and it came with beans on it.  So this time when we ordered a steak quesadilla we explicitly requested no beans on it.  This was for a 'to go' order and the person who took the order over the phone assured us there were no beans on the steak quesadilla but made note of it anyway.when we got home..there were beans on the steak quesadilla.  My daughter and I cannot stand the texture of beans; so that made the steak quesadilla inedible for anyone in my family.  I called to talk to the manager; but it was during dinner rush and he was unable to come to the phone.. so I sent a message via their email contact.  as I said; fortunately the tortas as easily big enough to feed a few people each; so we split tortas and everyone was full...  but why beans on a steak quesadilla?
If you are ever in the need for car audio equipment; Sounds Good To Me is the place to be at. I went in today because i needed help with the settings for amplifier and I was instantly greeted by Mark as soon as I entered the shop.  I explained the issue that i was seeing with my amp and right away he helped me resolve the problem. He was very helpful and knowledgeable. Check em out!
Employees are always friendly and helpful. They bring your food to you and restaurant and bathrooms are always very clean and well stocked. Employees work the dining room area by asking if they can get you a refill; take your trash; is your food ok? WHAT the WHAT? Way to go guys!
Good food; good wings.  Happy Hour Specials are ridiculously good.  Well done!
My husband had been buying me jewelry here for a few years.  They went back on their word about a return.  We were there to exchange and buy more; now they have lost our business for good.
Rokerij is our sunday brunch spot for $5 mimosas. $5 make you hola.
I am really surprised Yogis rated so low. The food is always fresh and the rolls are a great value. The girls that work the register could benefit from service training; but it's fast food. What do you expect? If you want good service; go to RA or Stingray. If I'm in a rush during the workday and don't want to go through a greasy drive thru; I can be found here!
So glad we tried this place!!! A delicious smell in the air when you first walk in is always a good sign.  Very clean and the staff is super friendly and attentive. Definatly  coming back!
It's was New Years Day so I wanted to try a new place and settled on The Good Egg. The place has a home like feel and reminded me of the Midwest. The menu was big and had a great variety. I had the egg-crepe things...basically an omelette wrapped in a crepe w a side of hollandaise sauce. Looked like a quesadilla and tasted great. Will be back for sure.
FYI America West did not close. They purchased US Airways to save them. And now its time to save American Airlines. The west will always be best!
The food is phenomenal!  However; the service - not so much.We sat down; ordered some water; and began to look at the menu.  The server did not come back for quite some time...when he finally did; we ordered some drinks and the blue cheese stuffed olives. He offered my mom a taste of the wine before she ordered it; and that was helpful.  After we got our drinks; my mom and I both ordered the chopped salad which I called OMG in a bowl.  We also ordered some cibatta to go with the salad.  The salads came - they are AMAZING!  Halfway through the salad; my mom reminded the server of the bread.  At the end of the salad; the bread arrived.  The bread was...fabulous..but would've been nicer to eat WITH the salad; instead of after the salad.  At the end of the meal; the server remembered the olives; so he brought those with the check.  He did not charge us for them; but still it would have been nice to have WITH the drinks.  I joked with my mom that we had a backwards meal.Bottom line - the food is terrific..a good value for the price.  However; the service was sub-par.
I usually have a pet peeve with servers: when I ask you what's best on the menu; don't answer it's all good.  That happened here.  I was frustrated.  But then it was all good.  The service was fast; and the food was delicious.  Not a bad night out at all.
Minus points because it would just be so much easier if this was in a location (within this strip mall) with a drive-through.  It can be a little tough getting in an out of here because of how busy Target and the other businesses in this strip mall get. Otherwise; it's Starbucks...  Yay Pumpkin Spice!
I have never been here on dine it; it has always been lunch to-go. I come here and get lunch at least once a week. I love their food and sushi. It is always so fresh and delicious every time. The staff is always very friendly and well dressed.
The food and drinks here are amazing! 5 stars for sure! I have to deduct a point for service though; the last 2 times we dined here; it seemed to take forever to get drinks; and the servers aren't very good at explaining dishes; nor are they personable. The cucumber Jalapeño margorita is one of my favorite drinks around. We always start with the guacamole (make sure you order it spicy; its really not that hot) and it never fails us. For entrees; my gf always gets the tecate steak tacos and they are fantastic. last time i had the pork shoulder tacos for two; and wow; were they flavorful. love the street corn here too. I had one of the steak dishes once as well; and I can't say I was disappointed. It was cooked perfect; and full of flavor. This is one of our favorite restaurants for the time being; i just wish the service was a little better.
Food is good; but seems a bit over-priced.  Often a fairly long line.  This is a restaurant that only Joe could pull off.  The building is old and run-down.  You can sit outside on picnic benches or inside with tables and chairs that seem like rejects from a rummage sale.  Outside; you'll see birds and maybe a stray cat that are looking to eat your leftovers.Doesn't exactly sound like a recipe for a successful restaurant; but it is.  I'd eat there more often if it was a little cheaper.
First visit much better than georges in scottsdale great gyros and service they also have a drive through
Got a hot tea for a little under $2. Line moved pretty quick and staff was helping to keep things organized despite a busy location.
Awesome pizza. I wasn't expecting it to be good. It's the best in Phoenix!
Good food. We mostly go for omelets and skillets for breakfast. At lunch there are giant sandwiches; good salads but also interesting entrees. This is sort of a Jewish deli but not exactly. Interesting bagels and some interesting ethnic dishes. Service is usually not an issue.
Classes; groups; testing and counseling. Community supported.
Tried the 3 Taco combination on Sunday for $9.99. This is a pretty good deal consisting of three tacos of your choice loaded with meat (chicken and carne asada) on flour tortillas and then chips and salsa is served with the dish. The female bartender also included an extra order of Chips with salsa and queso which she said cmae with the tacos; even though there was already chips/salsa on my plate. Carne asada had a nice chipotle sauce and chicken was long strips of marinated white meat. As the only bar open at 11AM for Sunday football; place was empty til about 1pm; so manager will put whatever game you need on the bar TV's. The only issue is that they should have some kind of Sunday football food specials or keep the apps at 1/2 price. They did have $1 Coors light drafts; so that helped.
We still love this place. Great vibe; excellent meal always. Would love to see new menu items from this great chef.
I think I may have food poisoning after eating here 4-5 hours ago. Achy joints; running to the bathroom; chills... Friggin' McDonalds.
I've had it with this place; giving them the 1-star they deserve for their utterly and completely crap service that I have endured for the last year or so; almost entirely without fail. I look back at my original review and wonder what the hell went wrong; but at this point I don't even care what the answer is; I'm just laying it out and leaving this mess behind me. Service; service; service; that is the problem at this location and has been for a long; long time. Ever since my original review back in 2011; service has been a problem and no amount of effort on my part has been able to make even a measurable dent in the problem. I spoke to the manager; general manager and even regional manager about my concerns and the repeated bad service experiences I was having; all of this many; many months ago; and NOTHING has changed since then. I swore off this place for a long time; going only very rarely (once every few months) and then not at all for a long time. Tonight; I fell off the wagon and gave them another shot; but was once again starkly reminded of why I had strayed in the first place: their service sucks. Tonight's visit was so absolutely typical that it was almost laughable. First; upon walking through the door during a slow period just about 5pm on a Wednesday night; we are greeted by the sight of a restaurant only 1/3 occupied and the hostess is on the phone at the podium. Does she look up to acknowledge our existence? Nope. Gesture to suggest it'll be just a second? Nope. Put the person on the phone on hold to seat paying; on-site customers or at least greet them? Nope. Instead; we stand there like idiots for the better part of 5 minutes while she completes the call. Then and only then are we good enough to be acknowledged with an utterly insincere Sorry about that; and it was business as usual.You have to understand that hostesses being asleep at the wheel is par for the course at this location. I cannot count how many times I've walked in and there isn't even anyone standing there to seat customers. I have literally had to stand there until some hapless server or the hostess who was busy folding napkins in the banquet room (no lie) finally noticed that customers had walked in the door and; God forbid; were expecting to be seated sometime this evening. This is one of those issues I complained up through three levels of management about REPEATEDLY and; as tonight's performance indicates; nothing has changed at all. But hey; why stop there? So we got a booth and our server eventually shows up to take the drink orders and an appetizer order once the drinks arrive; but then she disappears. Other booths are visited multiple times; right next to us; but we don't see her again until the appetizer comes out. Half way through the appetizer we run low on drinks; as in sipping through the straw to get attention; empty glass on the corner of the table in plain sight; begging for a refill. Yeah; that low on drinks. She finally shows up; notices we've been deprived of our refills and says she'll bring refills (which she did) but didn't apologize. That wouldn't be so bad; except it happened TWICE more. You would think an inattentive server would try to make up for the first screw up by being quicker to refill the drinks or making more frequent visits thereafter; but nope; not a chance. She disappeared again and it was more of the same. I understand this type of thing when the place is packed; but tonight; as has always been the case when I get crap service at this location; the restaurant was 2/3rds empty; so there's simply no excuse for it; and certainly no excuse for being 100% unapologetic about it. I mean at least comp the drinks off out of courtesy after the second time you leave the customer thirsty. The true shame is that their food is really good. I love the mac and cheese and my wife is a huge fan of the burgers and the steaks. We even enjoyed the appetizer. It just really stings that with the prices they charge; they can't seem to get even the basics like hosting and drink service that are on par with the rest of the civilized restaurant world. As I told the management; repeatedly at that; no other restaurant I have ever been at has been so consistent in providing shoddy service; especially the hosting and drinks. Is it really so hard to get something so simple right? I'm sorry; but at this point I give up. I kept giving fifth and sixth and tenth chances to this place; took almost a year off from visiting and return to find the same problems that there had always been; hand in hand with the otherwise excellent food that they've always had. It's an absolute and utter shame; but when talking to even the regional manager still won't fix these simple problems; what can you do except take your business somewhere else? Just unbelievable.
Sit at the bar. Enjoy your tasty breakfast almost immediately. There is almost never a wait. The food is tasty to.
These guys make their hamburgers just like my Mom(in Central Illinois); does.  I can't find anything on the menu that I don't like.  I almost hate to drive by Freddy's; because if I do; and I get a whif of those burgers cooking; my stomach screams for one of their double burgers; fries and vanilla shake.  I love the family atmosphere of Freddy's and the friendly attitude of all of the employees.  There are other burger places that I like; but this is definitely my favorite.  I just wish there were a store in the Moon Valley area.  I'm hooked!
Excellent shrimp tacos! Better than most restaurants serve.
If you love teppanyaki style food but don't need to pay to see another flaming pile of onions; this place is for you. The concept is simple; great tep grill food without the entertainment. My husband and I went for lunch on a Saturday and got the lunch specials (one shrimp special and one steak special) with two drinks for $25! That would have been one meal at the other full service grills. The food potions were large; the veggies were fresh and the chef/co-owner makes his own ginger and seafood sauces. The place is small as this is their first restaurant venture. But they were very friendly; and we enjoyed their little toddler hostess. Please give this place a try. The strip mall they reside is not ideal; but we all have to start somewhere right? This is a new local business which we need to support; especially considering the infection of corporate chains that has seemed to take over the west valley.
Cool restaurant; awesome menu design; good atmosphere; and pretty good food. Service....RUDE! Snotty pretentious female server yelled at one of the guys at our table because she couldn't understand what he was saying. Bad day or not; your job is customer service. Other than her; try the fried chicken and the pretzel bites with the cheese fondue. Yum!
I work in the same plaza as Paradise Bakery and I frequent them regularly.  Their food is always very good and I've never had a bad meal here.  Their customer service; however; leaves something to be desired.  And this is not true of all their employees; because I have had some very helpful and nice people assist me before.  It's mostly with the crowd of younger employees that they seem to have recently hired.  Paradise Bakery is usually very busy; but I once waited in line for over 10 minutes without one employee even acknowledging my existence.  I understand your busy; but even a nice Hi I will be right with you! would be nice.  And they are usually not very enthusiastic and have an attitude as if they are doing me a great favor and I am the one inconveniencing them.  Like I said before this is not true of all the employees and for the most part I have a pleasant experience there.  Besides their cookies are to die for!
Woohoo! As good as it gets!
Always great pizza
Not sure if Angel Sweet to switching to Gelato Spot or vice versus.  The door and sign says Angel Sweet but the cups and receipt said Gelato Spot.  Me confused!  Either way; roasted almonds and new york cheesecake is YUM!1 minus - the employee was so NOT happy to be there.  We got some attitude.  Sorry for intruding your work time.
In a single word this place is... AWESOME!We were up in Phoenix on Wednesday afternoon and stumble upon this little gem right at the end of happy hour. Their happy hour tacos are delicious; especially the tinga tacos. SO GOOD.Helping ourselves to the fresh salsa bar was a blast. There are so many unique and yummy flavors up there. I think we tried 12 different salsa and absolutely loved four of them. (Not to say that we didn't like the other flavors.) We then went on to order the the shark; the mahi mahi; the mole and the pibil pork shoulder tacos. I can't say enough about these. The mole was tasty and rich. The pibil pork shoulder was sooooo good. The meat in that one had so much flavor and was just perfect. The shark taco was more like a shark taco with a LARGE side of more delicious shark. Seriously; too much shark for one taco. (Not that such a thing is a bad thing!) The mahi mahi taco was more like a scrumptious mahi mahi pizza. The portions for these tacos are more than enough to keep get you full by the end of the night!I really liked every little taste that this place offered up. Why isn't this a five star review? Honestly; the service isn't the greatest. It isn't bad service; it just isn't five star service. Seriously; I would over look this little point time and time again if I lived close to this place. The food is AWESOME. Seriously. Check this place out and you will leave full and happy!
Okay being from Maryland and loving seafood I have been on the hunt for many many years in the Phoenix area for a great place for seafood.  My husband and I had a date night here this past weekend.  THEY DID NOT DISAPPOINT US!!!He had a 1/2 dozen oysters that were amazingly fresh; I had the crab cakes and let me tell you they are definetly my favorite from anywhere including back home in Maryland.  For our entree we decided to split the special of the evening a seafood trio and boy am I glad we did because the portions are big and considering I had to try the Crab n Lobster Bisque soup which I wish I had some right now.  Our side we choose the crab fried rice and my husband said to me on Sunday next time lets get an order of the rice to go.Desert well it was just down right sinful.Service was exceptional from the time I made the reservations to the end of our date.  Tony our server was very knowledgable; and friendly.  Must Must Try if you are in the area!!!!!
I absolutely love this place. I have been twice and Katie (bar manager) has been my server both times...she is great! She recommended the bacon/Squash flatbread and it was outstanding! The wine was great; and even greater on HH (which; btw their HH is from open to 6pm M-S. They are not open before 3pm though; so don't try going here for lunch...it's a chill; nighttime place to bring dates or close friends/family members.On weekends; there is always an acoustic musician playing. I have experienced Blaine Long and Notes from Neptune. Both phenomenal. Long story short...if you read my reviews you know I like chill spots with great lighting and patios. This is another one of those....I will be back for a 3rd; 4th; 5th; etc time.:)
So; I had The Jerk Chicken; Rice and Peas With Plantains And Cabbage. The Rice and Peas were the best thing about this place everything was was not good at all.  The Jerk Chicken had no flavor no heat at all and if you had Jerk Chicken you know it should be spicy. I had better places. This as my second time here I forgot the reason why I didn't go back now I know. Will not go back again
THIS PLACE IS HORRIBLE; THE WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE EVER. SAFTEY of most rides are questionable. My son was allowed on a ride once and denied on the second time!!! Employees don't follow the height restrictions which could end up in hazardous situations. I am considering filing a suit case against the manager of the park for being careless about the services and safety of the park customers.    RIPPOFF!!
Great; friendly and efficient staff. They are good about setting up your next appointment and finding a time that works for you. UBS has a nice rewards program with freebies every time you donate and points to use to get movie tickets or other things; but just helping someone; getting a genuine thank you from the staff and the Famous Amos cookies make your short visit worth it! Save a life!
I found this place by accident almost a year ago; doctor's office was nearby and I was early; so I stopped in for lunch. The Blue Tortilla Enchiladas are absolutely amazing; seriously; the BEST enchiladas I've had since; forever. 9 months later; I'm back in town for awhile and staying not too far; so I stopped in. Free Wi-Fi; CHECK! I've been sitting at the bar; with a power source; for every day of the past 2 weeks and I love this place. The staff is fantastic. Nicole is; by far; by favorite bartender; but you have Anthony; Jared; Lindsey; Susan....the staff is freaking fantastic. The ambiance is bloody fantastic and I feel comfortable here whether I'm on a date; or by myself at the bar; or meeting up with some girlfriends. DO NOT MISS THIS PLACE; IT'S FANTASTIC! I LOVE IT!!
The food is cold and awful and the workers are RUDE. They need to reconsider who they hire. I do not recommend eating here. Panda Express is better.
I've been to this Total Wine several times.  Driving by today; I generously thought; Hey; maybe I should get some tiny liquor bottles as stocking stuffers.  Did I end up getting any tiny bottles? No.  Did I leave with six bottles of wine and a decanter; for myself; in part thanks to a very helpful associate named Michael?  Yes.  These things just happen.  (The tiny bottles were kind of picked over anyways.)
Discusting!  They don't use gloves; the pizza is a far cry from New York & I was overcharged for their combo special.  I tried to address the issue and it confused the cashier (who also made my salad...without washing hands). thumbs down.
I have been a patient here for 6 years and I am very impressed with their service. Both Dr. Reed and Dr. Elg are very friendly and knowledgeable and there staff is very helpful. I wear progressive lenses and know that you get what you pay for. They carry the most up to date lenses which I have found really does make a difference with your vision being that I have tried the bargain brand. They have a large selection of frames; and surprisingly a large selection of contacts also which I have found can be cheaper here than other big name companies. Definitely should give them a try you will be happy you did!
Friendly staff. Clean. But crowded always crowded. If you need help it's best to call and make an appointment they can't just help you right then and there. Unless its a small quick fix. I didn't have time for an appointment but when I walked in they gave me a suggestion to try at home and now my iPad works again!  This is in the Scottsdale quarter mall. Tere are maybe 1-2 parking spots up front but the is also a parking garage or valet.
I really loved this place. As a country girl at heart; I loved the band and that I was able to dance with my honey. It was also cute to see the families out dancing too. The food was good. I had the prime rib which was good. The horse radish was super hot! My husbands ribeye was delish but my daughter swears that the beef ribs were the best she has ever had. There is a beautiful view and I can see why this place is so popular. I am already looking forward to our next visit.
Have stayed at the A-Loft Tempe several times over the course of the past few years and I'm never disappointed. Rooms are impeccably clean; decor is modern and the attention to detail for the experienced traveler is much appreciated!  Beautiful showers and retro modern vibe to the joint makes feels a lit like being in Berlin (albeit with Southwest Airlines cruising over the pool on the final approach to Sky Harbor).  No; there aren't a bunch of kids running up and down the hall that you usually get at the Holiday Inn and other joints near campus-- which means you can actually get a great night's sleep here.  Much appreciated; whether on business or pleasure.The front desk staff is always lovely and the location awesome (In-N-Out right across the parking lot... need I say more). There's a path for a nearby morning run along Tempe Town Lake if you need to burn off the Animal Style from the night before or you can hit up the workout center before you set about the day. The location is perfect--right along the 202 but close enough to the 101 to get you anywhere in the East Valley conveniently.  All in all; a great experience and one of the best options for a modern hotel in Tempe.  Definitely somewhere I'd stay again.
This is not to bash anyone. To be honest I really like Vi Vi; she ALWAYS remembers me and talks to me on a personal level; and she is very patient. But no amount of niceness in the world can make that wait bearable. I went in on Friday the 21 of December; I waited 40 minutes JUST to be seated. I remember she said come early because they are usually busy in the evening; well it worked perfect because I was heading to San Diego that evening. I went in around 2:09 PM; I was greeted by her husband. (Vi was in the back) he told me it would be a 20-30 minute wait which was an obvious lie. Another person came in right after me he told her a 30-40 minute wait. Little did I know that wait time was for me. They pass up A LOT of business people won'[t wait. And I personally don't blame them. To top it off because there is a wait they aren't through at all but have no problem charging me 65 bucks for a pedicure; and full set. I don't have any problem playing for good service but this service could be a LOT better. I have been going here for about three months; and I always tip. I am not a bad customer but for the money I pay I expect a lot more. My advice find another place? I promise you won't regret it.
You don't find many old-school; diner-style restaurants around. Hangar Cafe is certainly one of them though. The only thing this place is missing are the bad attitude; hoarse-voiced waitresses calling you hon...and that's a good thing.Hearty; stick-to-your-ribs breakfasts: 3-egg omelets; corned beef hash; bacon & eggs...and they're generous with the hashbrowns too. You probably won't leave hungry. The quality of the food is a little spotty though--having been the recipient of lukewarm food on at least one occasion. And; the coffee is unfortunately also diner style; weak and bitter (avoid).
AMAZING STORE!! I get the best designer handbags at this store!  I got the best LV handbag at a fraction of the price.  It is my favorite handbag I have!! I also just got an awesome Tory Burch bag!! It is still in the store! It was a steal!! I LOVE this store I never come out empty handed!!
Must stop here if visiting Scottsdale; AZ and you're looking for a gritty; down-to-earth; ass kickin' time.Day drinking fun with an old friend.Nighttime can get busy with dudes; lots of dudes waiting; watching chicks dance on the wide bar. I've done it a time or two; while living here.  Fun! and safe place. Kind of a biker bar;No draft beer; bottles only and of course hard liqs.Friendly people.Miss it now that I live in Portland
This place is pretty rockin. They have a gyro combo for $7.50. It comes with a gigantic and fully stacked gyro; a large side of french fries and a drink. Amazing plus...THEY.HAVE.RANCH! Score! This always excites me because a lot of these places serve fries but no ranch...anyway. the place is clean and the servers are nice. I was apparently confused when I was ordering because I almost ordered some plate with a bunch of meat...thankfully they explained what I was ordering before I paid so I could change my order..situation avoided.Fast; great price; great food!
my aunt told me about this place about 2-3 years ago and its the best thing she could have ever mentioned... i shop here for all my crafts and party supplies now. they are cheap and they have EVERYTHING you need and its a pretty good price for things. there are a lot of sales for ribbons; fabrics; frames etc... if you download the hobby lobby app or sign up to get their emails you can get a weekly coupon for 50% off one regular prices item. i go with my sister so we can use the coupon more then once... sometimes we can get away with using it 4 times with just us 2 there; the place is clean and looks to be restocked pretty often. my creativity has gone up so much since this store opened. i love making hair bows for my little girl so its always a plus to find things there to make her some more
It's a dirty rental garage but upstairs is nice. Great artworks of arizona are represented. Do your yelp research when renting a car and pack food because you don't want to have to spend an arm and a leg on figuring overpriced food.
This place is always good! Plus the servers here are the best! I love;love; love the tomato soup!
We took a short hike here for Christmas morning. We were surprised that it was open on a holiday. This park was a great walk to get away from the city and to get a view of the area and to investigate some of the local flora and fauna. We also saw a few wild pigs!! Remember to pay your parking fee. Despite it being a holiday; we got a nasty reminder from the local Sheriff office to pay and made sure that we did on our way out.
Breakfast for lunch or dinner? What could be better?!!??! We have become regulars at this location being the closest to my house... pre-Yelp checkin'; I have been here a TON of times!I am not a morning person; and rarely eat breakfast. So; when I crave an omelette for lunch - this is the go-to place. I always tend to order the same thing... it's a craving right??? Bacon Temptation Omelette -- ya right! BACON! And this place knows how to make them.. because I think they put extra bacon...  crispy bacon; cheese sauce; jack and cheddar cheeses and diced tomatoes - and BACON. ;)Service at this location has always been quick; efficient; and the servers know how to chit-chat while having a good time.Lastly - and if you read my other reviews you will notice I always comment on bathrooms.... I have kids. The Bathrooms in this place have been clean on every visit! Actually amazing since most of the times we have been there were busy. Nice to know a place can maintain even with an overflow of customers.
Oh Four Peaks...how I love thee....SO excited that this location is finally open. Im a fan of the original location; but on weekends it can get bogged up w/ douc....less than awesome clientele.This location is hidden in an industrial neighborhood; w/ plenty of parking. They dont serve food at this location; but they have partnered w/ several local food trucks. They serve up some tasty grub that you can then bring in the tasting room to enjoy w/ your brew. Theres a decent amount of tables; chairs and bar seats. I was actually surprised; they made it sound smaller. I LOVE the window into the warehouse. Rumor has it theyll be pumping out a few seasonal favorites from this location year round. Theyll be lots more canning and bottling going on as well.This is my new fave Four Peaks location.
The best fried chicken I've had in my life.  PLUS amazing decor; great/fun service; delicious drinks; and the rest of the food (outside of the incredible fried chicken) is darn good too.  Highly recommend!
I love Hungry Howies Pizza.  The best part is the crust.  They provide a variety of flavors such as ranch; butter cheese; and herb and garlic; three of my favorites.  The staff is nice and friendly and my order is always ready by the quoted time.  They also usually have deals going on like $8 medium pizzas.  I am a definite fan.
This place is awesome.  I was walking back to Dillard's; yes; shocker alert; when I noticed this new store.  I knew I had to bring my hubby back.  He loves anything spicy; that's why he chose me; haha.   They have a great set up.  I usually don't taste stuff that is open for the general public; but I can appreciate that they offer tasting for so many of their products.  With so many spicy products; I am sure it will kill any germs.  They few I tasted; really burned; but were delicious.  We ended up buying 7 bottles; some salsas; barbecue sauces; dipping sauce; hot sauces; all of them were great; can't wait to make stuff with them.  I will come back for the Frostbite; I tasted it combined with Margarita mix and it gives drinks a great kick.
Wow; Zia records; this place has been here for such a very long time now. They even opened one in Phoenix.The great thing here is you never know what you will find at a Zia location.Since people bring in their own things to sell ; and trade; you find all sorts of cool items here.The staff is great and they will even order things for you if they do not have it in stock. I mean where else would this happen???The parking has always been a little tight. But; the cool thing is they are open 7 days a week until 12:00am. Yes; midnight. Awesome right!!!
Very good pizza!!
This is the BEST Mexican restaurant that I have been to in a long time.  Why haven't we known about this joint before???They have 6 types of meat chicken; carne asado; green chili pork; regular pork; red pork and barbacoa.  You pick your meat. They make their own retried beans!  Take the pintos and mash them.  We had tostadas with the pork and green chili pork they both came with the mashed pintos   Very good.  Got the carne asado quesadilla. It was so good.  Got 3 street tacos and 3 hard tacos.  The tacos are a great deal.  $.99 a piece or the meal with a drink for $3.99.  Salsas are great and the gauc is the real deal.   We will be going back!   So good and fresh!
Delicious homemade pasta and for only $4.99! I decided to finally stop by this place one afternoon as I drive by it often and I was in for a real treat. The pasta and sauce is pure yummy and satisfying. I will continue to return here. Candidly; the pasta meal I get here is better than the pasta dishes as the two or three dollar sign restaurants. Far better value; taste and fulfillment at Pasta and Sugo.
I love spicy foods but they are not kidding when they write CAUTION all over the menu next to the habanero burger. It is absolutely ridiculous. My boyfriend has a really high tolerance for spice and he could even eat the whole thing... but a day later he called me and said he wouldn't be ordering it again because digesting it was painful.... hahaha. I could only eat half of the habanero burger the first time I went so the second time; I just got a regular burger with bleu cheese. Was delicious though... can't wait to go back and try some other things on the menu.Happy hour prices are great!
Went to Eddie V's for the first time. EXCELLENT! The service; ambiance; decor and food were each first-rate. I highly recommend Eddy V's when on a date with that special someone; special occasions; and impressing friends and relatives from out of town. It must be experienced to be appreciated.
Nice and relaxed. Not to stuffy. Very Casual. I will come back for a quick bite with a glass of wine.
Yuck.(And I'm not one of the people comparing it to how it was in the 70s either - I am a 21 year old college student that thinks it is yuck.)Mill Avenue is not the hype people give it. It is disgusting. It's dirty and grimy (and not just because it's old). There are homeless drug addicts everywhere you turn; that will harrass you if you don't give them change; and scare the crap out of me when I have to walk past. I will NOT walk down Mill after dark alone. Full of wasted college kids here every weekend night of course; and it is a terrible atmosphere if you're not 21-24 looking to get hammered and lucky.Good luck finding parking; it's all metered; expensive garages; or free 3 blocks away at Farmer and 5th; but that's usually full of students' cars.The stores are all corporate garbage; except for Old Town Books; Hippie Gypsy and a couple independent (at least I think) restaurants/bars. How exactly is a giant PF Changs; Urban Outfitters; and Starbucks conducive to local flavor? The rent in the area is outrageous; hence why the mom-and-pops can't stay in business.And if I didn't hate Mill Avenue enough; the fact that they had a cute mom-and-pop ice cream sandwich store (Cookiez) and then allowed Slickables; a big honking backed-by-tons-of-money store selling the EXACT SAME PRODUCT with Dreyers ice cream to move in across the street. That was just in poor taste; especially since Cookiez is now out of business.Take your venture to Old Town Scottsdale instead - way more variety!
I hate pizza.Really; I do. I guess specifically I hate marinara sauce; to be fair. But I LOVE Mellow Mushroom.Get the Yukon Gold; Philosophers Pie or Holy Shiitake. So good; and none have red sauce if you're a hater like me. The crust is amazing. Their Enlightened Spinach Salad is also awesome - spinach; candied pecans; dried cherries; apples; and vinaigrette. They also have Wyder's cider...win! Service can be a little slow but staff is always really nice.
Just OK; Can never go bad with the biers at Gordon Biersch. Service was very good; food was below normal. Wife had mac with lobster and shrimp; I had the lobster bisque and streak frites; Mac and lobster and the lobster bisque was somewhat bland tasting while the streak frites were overly salted.
I was a first-timer and went with a local from Phoenix. I give the Guaca-tony an exuberant 5. Tried a pizza and another pasta dish which I give a 3. The service was amazing even though it was a busy Saturday evening; so that makes a 4 in my book. Definitely worth a stop!
Stopped in on the advice of a trusted friend and found that all of the five star reviews are well earned!  We had the beef brisket; smoked sausage link; baked beans; and coleslaw.   The meats were precisely cooked; juicy; delicious and tasty.  Sauce is totally optional here!!The sides were great!Service was helpful and friendly!  And parking was plentiful; convenient and easy.WE WILL BE BACK!   This place not only exceeds expectations; it raises the bar for BBQ!
Scary place...friendly service and patrons. Been here at least 10 times and every single time some other patron starts up a conversation.If you don't want to be social; don't go here. Food is good; prices are good; atmosphere is dark and sometimes very loud; but overall; a nice neighborhood watering hole.Its always packed; so they must be doing something right.BTW- don't park nearby where the amateur drunk patrons can side swipe your brand new truck and then just drive-off like the chicken-sh!t worthless scumbags they are.
Over the past year I have visited Urban Cookies a few times; constantly stalk them on Instagram (check them out if you can; urban_cookies); and am fortunate enough to have cousins living in the PHX area who will make special delivers of Urban Cookies for us.  This store really is a gem in the middle of the city.  They strive to use local and organic ingredients while providing a high quality and homemade product.  I have appreciated their cookies; pies; bars; and cupcakes even more now knowing that they are constantly testing our new and seasonal recipes; striving for perfection before their product hits the store shelf and goes into the consumer's mouth.When visiting the Phoenix area I strongly encourage you to sample a few of these goodies!  My favorite is still their pineapple coconut cookies; while their snicker doodles come in a close second.  And remember; anytime anyone offers you a sample; take them up on it!
After hours of research on internet I chose this shop based on a reference from a friend of a friend.  This was my first tattoo and prior to getting to the shop I was extremely nervous.  However as soon as I saw the drawing that Dan Mattingly had done of my tattoo I was put at ease immediately.  Dan is an amazing artist and I am absolutely thrilled with my tattoo.  I have gotten many compliments in the few days that I have had it and will be going back to Dan again in the future.
$4 spaghetti in the bar every Sunday is awesome. It's hard to find good spaghetti anywhere unless it's in your; or a family member's kitchen. However; for $4; my husband and I found ourselves here almost every Sunday when we lived right down the road. Plus; the bread that is served with the spaghetti is AMAZING. We now live in Casa Grande; but whenever we find ourselves in Tempe/Scottsdale on a Sunday; we always stop and eat. The bartender (the only one I've ever seen in the bar) is an awesome guy who doesn't play favorites and gets you your food and drinks as quickly as possible. I've only eaten in the restaurant area once; but I remember it being more upscale; very dimly lit and very quiet compared to the bar. Although I don't even remember what I had; I recall not leaving unsatisfied so I'd denitely dine there again. This place is definitely worth a visit to decide for yourself!
Maggie is simply the best.  She is a woman; among woman.  A real hostess who cares abut her costumers an can always be counted on for a warm smile and great food.  She is a real keeper ;-)
Been here a few times; have no problem! We have had their pizza; burgers; nachos; and my favorite! Coconut Shrimp! Yes; this is a little pricier! Yes; Surprise is trying to be the West Valley Scottsdale! Nothing wrong with that! It's going to take trial by error to make things better! Some of their food needs to improve; but with the choices at that area! Red Embers is a must try choice!
Just as an FYI for everyone out there; this place used to be called Ahwatukee Cleaners.  I don't know if its the same management or not.Description of Work Done:  I stop by here on a bi-weekly basis for dry cleaning suits; collard shirts and things of that sort.  I had them do some alterations on a shirt or two in the past.  Quality of Work Completed:  They do a pretty decent job on getting stuff cleaned.  They often get stains out that typically other places can't get out.  The thing I really like about these guys is how the do sweaters.  If I take a sweater to most other places; it ends up looking like swiss cheese after two or three runs through the dry cleaners; but some place; Regency Cleaners gets the job done without destroying them. 10 out of 10.Value:  This place is a about a dollar or two more expensive than the dry cleaners place next to Safeway and Subway.  Be prepared to pay an arm and leg more for suits.  6 out of 10.Customer Service:  Customer service isn't the greatest.  Because they don't do their own work on site; its nearly impossible to get anything done the same day if you bring it in late morning.  I have learned to not even bother going into Regency if I am in a bind and need something done same day.  I would recommend also going through the drive through because for some reason; people who go through the drive through get first attention.  The people who work there are extremely nice and polite.  6 out of 10.Overall:  I come here on a regular basis but if you are set make this a regular stop; I would set up a backup plan just in case they can't help you out on a bind.  22 out of 30; 3 stars.
Came here to try something new.  I'm not coming back.Let's back up a bit.  The sub is decent; a shade higher than subway quality; but that shade might need to be measured by NASA.  Had a hot sub; was heated up in a microwave.  I can do that at home cheaper and without cooking it to the consistency of beef jerky.Here is what started to get me... I paid for the combo meal; which is 2 dollars and something for a fun size bag of chips and a drink.  Fountain drink stand has dust on it; bad sign.  What does that take that wipe down?  5; maybe 10 seconds? I get a fork at the straw/lid/silverware station afterwards.  4 crumbled up straw wrappers in the silverware station; on top of the forks.  I elect to eat without a fork.Did the guy who just walked out of the john wash his hands before he took off his straw wrapper with his genital holding hands and throw it in the fork tray?  I have no idea...Sanitation on that situation = 0.  Guy working in the back was rocking out to the radio.  Confirmed that when I washed my hands after eating and saw him in the kitchen with the door wide open to said work station.  I think checking that area is low on the list of priorities; as evidence would suggest.Here is what really pisses me off.  My chips taste terrible.  Not crunchy at all.  Came in on 12/18/2012; chips expired on 12/4/1012.  These are nacho cheese Doritos.  Sure; probably somewhat safe to eat a year after that but taste like shit.  My concern is if no one is looking at the expiration date on the chips; are they looking at it on the microwaved meat I just ate?  Or the cold meat they serve?  Bottom line; I don't like eating anywhere that openly advertises they sell expired food.  The chips proved that to me.  Really wish I would have seen that before I ate a few chips before seeing the expiration date and threw the rest of them away in the garbage which is what this place should have done before selling them.    Plenty of other sub shops very close to here I would assume do not do that; I'll give them my cash instead.  You have now been dubbed Sub Craptory; until you get your act together.  Sure; I could have told someone that works there I bought expired food; but I already have a job.  I don't need to do yours.  I'm just never coming back again.Expired food = automatic one star.  Congratulations.I don't know; we are only 2 days away from 12/21/2012; maybe this is what the Mayan's predicted; people would eat your expired food here and all die of food poisoning and that is what ends the world.  I hope not.  That would suck.
Wow! This place is a jewel in the desert! Not what I would have anticipated from a tiny place in a tiny town. Seriously... it's almost worth driving from Vegas to have the taste in my mouth again. I was literally shocked that I could find something of this calibur in Wickenburg.
I ran this in 2012 and it was my first half marathon. Since then I have ran two more. Considering the crowd that turns out to this event they do a good job on the organizational end. My biggest complaint is that it didn't start on time. With the amount of people running it is important to start on a timely manner. I also feel is is extremely overpriced compared to other races and even other RnRs in the country. I don't feel that $100+ for a half marathon is reasonable. I hope they will work on making this one more affordable because I would like to continue doing it each year.
Went here today for Dim Sum with a friend and we were very happy. The food was excellent and the service very friendly and attentive. We picked several items from the carts and all of them were very good.  I remember having sticky rice; chow mein; three different kind of dumplings with shrimp; Chinese broccoli; and fried egg rolls. Everything was fresh and very good. I was tempted to try a couple more things but already had more than I could eat. My date was very happy with the food and complimented the staff for being very friendly.
SUCH a friendly and delightful little walk-up coffee shop. Good solid coffee along with an arrangement of fun seasonal choices!What really sealed the deal was how incredibly friendly and approachable the baristas were! I will definitely be going back with the 2 for 1 card they gave me with my purchase. When the weather gets a little warmer; I think their outdoor seating will be the perfect study spot!I'm also excited to try the salon next door!
Excellent food. Fast service. In small strip mall behind Japanese restaurant.
Really enjoyed our dinner here.  Everything we had was delicious: pozole (pork soup); pork tacos; carne asada steak burrito; and guacamole. And we especially enjoyed the flan.
Just had a business dinner here tonight. We were in a private room that shared an entrance with the wine room. Not particularly private but not obnoxious either. I had the Chef's 3 course dinner. Started with a very tasty Caesar. The filet medallions with blue cheese was excellent!!  The disappointment came with dessert. A cheesecake with a sprinkling of strawberry sauce. I had 2 bites & didn't finish it. Not worth the calories. The waitstaff was excellent. The restaurant was actually quite nice. My colleagues had the salmon (excellent); filet mignon (delicious); halibut (one of the best); and the bread pudding (a solid 8!).
Great atmosphere; good food; and convenient downtown Gilbert location - Joe Johnson doesn't make many mistakes with his concepts; and once again; he has tapped into the right mix of flavor & style.
I had never heard of this place when i went here for a lunch meeting.  We arrived about noon on a Wednesday and the place was busy; but not packed.  The weather outside was awesome and we wanted to sit outside but the noise from the fountains/waterfalls up against the patio was really loud to talk over so we sat inside.  The chips and salsa they brought out was amazing.  The bowl had 4 different types and flavors of chips and the salsa had a good taste and spice without being too hot.  For a meal i picked the Meatloaf and it was a ton of food.  2 huge pieces meatloaf that was seared on a grill after it was cooked came out with corn & mashed potatoes and a roasted tomato BBQ sauce.  I ate the whole thing (even though it was more food that i should have eaten) and i didn't feel bad!.  The meeting was a little hard to pay attention to though since the windows faced the pathway and the women from ASU downtown and all of the businesses kept walking by!!!
Not as good as Corner Bakery in Dallas area; but along the same lines.   Would help if they had some egg white offerings.  Service ok.  Coffee better than average.
After hearing my friends rave about this place since its opening I decided to come here for a semi-upscale date night with my partner.The ambiance is 'cute.' The dining room is a dark; lofty; wine cellar-ish space with a Netflix projection on the back wall. Some tables have couch seating; especially on the patio; though most of the inside tables are wooden along with a few high tables. Like the couple seated next to us; it would be romantic and comfortable for those on a first date. We arrived around six PM on Saturday; a good hour before it would start getting any sort of busy. We were a bit disappointed to be seated at one of the uncomfortable wooden seating areas rather than be seated at a couch; but that's not the end of the world. Although; there was some sort of dark; sticky substance stuck under the table. I assumed it was a result of a balsamic vinegar spill but I'm not sure why it would have thickened to the under-table.After being seated we waited an unusually long time before our waiter introduced himself... by that time we had already decided what we wanted to drink and an app start with. Instead of taking our drink order he let us know that select wines were on sale and that we should look those over for when he comes back; then he rushed back to the kitchen. When he came back we ordered the sangria carafe we'd previously intended to; to which he confirmed; just so you know; that isn't on sale. I hope the service isn't this awkward when it's busy.The sangria was nice and sweet with a surprising (and maybe a bit out of place) kick of cinnamon. We started with bruschetta planks - delicious and creative. For our meal we ordered the Porco pizza - I don't even like pork but it's hearty and shredded addition was undoubtably craveable. We ordered the creme brulee for dessert and licked that plate clean -- nuff said! Only before that my partner started to feed me a spoon of the dessert and THAT was when our waiter decided to stop by and see how we were doing. Laughing at the awkward; we were just fine.
Stopped here for late dinner after movie (9pm on a Tuesday)They were not busy and we were seated promptly.Danny was our server; we had water and diet coke.We had the bread to start (nothing to write home about)Hummus appetizer was good; and the wheat honey pita was outstanding. I think they bake their pitas; they were very hot.We shared a Sicilian pizza. I am glad we decided to share as we even had half left over. The pizza was very good.; thin and crispy as the name says. I would probably ask for more sauce if we order it again; but it was still very good. It looked exactly like the picture in the online menu; but maybe even better as it had thin slices of cheese on top (the pic shows some cheese; but ours had more).I think this is the first time I have the honor to say the real one looked better than the picture. It is usually the opposite : )We chose this place because of the American Express Synch credit; and we will definitely be back.
Best eggs benedict! I went here half heartedly and was expecting something similar to Taylor's which was good but not great. So I was really surprised when everything about this experience was great! I went with two friends and hands down we said this place was perfect.
YUM! I love me some good Fro-Yo! They also have shaved iced here and boba tea.
This is my go-to hike when my dog needs to burn off some energy. Lots of trails and directions to go with different mileage; but my concern is not remembering which way I came from or how they all connect; so I usually hike in for about a half hour then turn around and go back. I have hiked up to the part that overlooks Taliesin West and it's a decent view; but for the most part; it's just a wash; not much up and down and kinda dusty (the pup always gets a bath after this one!) but it's a nice reminder how close I live to the beautiful; undisturbed desert! I also get a little nervous about wildlife. I've yet to see a coyote; cat or javelina in the wash; but it's never very crowded with hikers and you never know; so I keep my eyes and ears open. I also generally leave my music off because it's multi-use so most often mountain bikers come up behind me and I like to know they're coming so I can move off. Friendly hikers and bikers as always though!
Certainly wasn't the worst healthcare experience I've had; but it was pretty lousy nonetheless. My wife and I had been feeling poorly for a couple weeks; so we called in the morning to check in and use their wait at home service. They eventually called us and told us to come in at 2:45. We arrived at 2:40; and checked in; finishing all the required paperwork in just a couple minutes. The waiting room was packed; but I suspected most of the people were walk-ins and were waiting for an open appointment. After waiting for close to half an hour; I asked the receptionist when we could expect to see a doctor; and she responded; somewhat exasperatedly; that we were up next and that an emergency had come in and had pushed everything back. Assuming this was true; it must have happened before we arrived; since no one was rushed through while we were in the waiting area. And if that was the case; it would have been nice to have been informed when we came in. 20 minutes later; we were finally taken to an exam room; where our vitals were taken and we proceeded to wait an additional 30 minutes for a nurse practitioner; since apparently no doctor was available. Just a poor experience all around. Making me pay upfront; then wait; then wait; then wait some more; and have someone be rude to you when you ask how much longer you can expect to wait doesn't make me ever want to come back.Oh; and the nurse spent 4 minutes with us. I wish I had paid with my credit card instead of my HSA so that I could refuse the charges.
By far the worst place I've ever eaten. Selection and quality is horrible. Sushi was like rubber. They had store bought pound cakes and cookies for desert. The salad bar consisted of lettuce; cheese; croutons with your choice of dressing. Everything I tried was not good. Guess we'll head to burger king after paying our $22 bill for 2 buffets of disgustingness. Seriously; do not waste your money!!!
Its name is now Baja Loco; we go for the cheese burgers and frys family really loves them also give the adults a chance to have a cold beer; they have a patio if you like but not the best veiws.
As a preface ... I love this sort of thing - love looking at history and love ruins so when we were in town visiting I had to come here.I had my expectations low since it's in the middle of the city and seemed like it might be small...However; I liked it a lot.  There's a little bit of ruins you can actually walk through and try to imagine what happened.   They also had some replicas of buildings from way back when and that was neat to walk through as well.  The museum part itself is small but had lots of information about the people that used to live there.  For a small museum in the middle of the city it was pretty informative.
Interestingly; we had great anticipation for a great dinner.  Sadly; we had a server who was so aggressive that it really undermined the experience.  She was more suited to be the person you encounter at a car wash asking if you want your windshield fixed; your car waxed; your interior lathered... it was really annoying.  I love Cartwright's so we will give them another try and we had a wonderful experience at Tonto B&G earlier in the day.  Let's just remember the goal of creating a great customer experience.
My office ordered take-out and I had the sausage sandwich... I'll probably die with a sausage sandwich in hand. I wasn't really pleased with my order; I guess that I had some build-up because this place has been on TV.  I totally understand it's hard to judge a restaurant from ordering take-out so I'll probably try this place again and have my meal there.
Great happy hour. 3-7pm Otherwise pry wouldn't go!
The stars are more for the staff and service.  The owner was really great to talk to and very interesting.  He's a retired vet with lots to tell you.  The cashier was great too.  I'd go back just to hear the stories from the owner and the service.  As for the food - I got the chicken yakisoba.  For a fast food type place; it wasn't bad.  Yakisoba's are usually very saucy and/or salty from similar quick places.  This one was more on the dry side which I like.  You can have them add more sauce if you like but I thought it was just right.  The noodles were firm which were a plus.  Not soft or soggy.  The vegetables were impressive too.  Not the mere cabbage and onions.  They used broccoli and zucchini and others that made it good.  It wasn't a lot but for fresher veggies; that's expected.  Better than tons of cabbage that I don't like.The owner was telling me that their special was a shrimp bowl b/c the shrimp was fresh that day - not frozen.  If I liked shrimp; I'd be game to try it.For something quick; I'd say it's much better than fast food chains.
This place doesn't really have anything new to offer to the downtown coffee scene. It's within a 1 min walk to at least 4 better coffee houses in the area. Staff was nice but that can also be said about the other aforementioned coffee spots. It wasn't bad; but also didn't blow my mind.
Cheap flights to here.... Done.
This is now my favorite place to buy beers and spirits in the Valley.  Of course; there are certain other chains that have great selection and cheap prices; but Sportsman's has them completely beat in one very important regard: staff.If you come here; my experience is that you will meet some really friendly and helpful people who absolutely know their stuff.  Come in with an idea in mind and they will point you in a great direction.  Come in without an idea; and they'll help you come up with one.I can't speak for the wine selection though it seems excellent; but I can say that the beer selection features some top notch stuff.  As for spirits; there's some top shelf stuff that's very rare (or completely unavailable) in the valley; and there are quite a few hidden gems in stock.  I owe Sportsman's for stocking two fantastic rums that are now in my collection.Come here if you are a connoisseur; or if you'd like to be one... or if you just want to get a few bottles of really good beer to try out.  The awesome staff will give you a hand.(And if you're a slob like me; who wanders around in t-shirts; shorts; and flip-flops even in winter; don't be frightened away by the upscale area.  This place is friendly; not snobby.)
Not sure how to start this review. Some parts of the dinner were terrible while the other parts were just average; just nothing special. I decided to take my mother out to dinner who was visiting all the way from Dubai based on the great things i've heard about Mastro's Ocean Club. The night started off in a terrible way when our waiter  was extremely disrespectful to us. We asked for a few minutes when our waiter asked us if we wanted still; sparkling or tap water and his reply in a really condescending tone was right now I'm asking you about the water. Note to waiter: When somebody asks you for a few minutes it usually means they're not ready to order even if its just water. Had the shrimp cocktail and the house salad as an appetizer and the rib eye as my main course. All were ok just nothing special. My mother had the grilled Scottish salmon and let me tell you as somebody that has years of spear fishing experience the salmon was definitely not fresh and my mom ended up having 1 bite before leaving the entire plate untouched. The worst part is the restaurant is called OCEAN CLUB so I would expect fresh seafood. On top of that our waiter looked at  the untouched plate of salmon multiple times and never bothered asking if there was a problem with the food. Ive seen waiters at Chili's ask their customers if anything was wrong when a customer leaves an entire plate untouched the entire night. Not sure if the waiter had anything against us because he was much friendlier with the tables around us and the tables around us all received hot towels except for us... In the end and after $160 for 2 people; a disappointing meal and a very disappointing service i wont b coming back anytime soon. If i was the manager I would demote the waiter and promote the busboy to a waiter as he was great tonight and he was the only reason I gave a %20 tip as it is unfair for him to suffer because of the waiters complete inadequacy....
Village Inn; all the mediocrity of Denny's with a less creative menu.  Chain restaurants all have that corporate feel; and of course this Village Inn is no different.  I guess if you are in a pinch; this place will do...but if you really think you cannot look a little harder and find something better; then you really wanted to go to Village Inn in the first place.
Just say no to Walmart!!  (Walmart is a big supporter of Devil Monsanto!)I've stopped shopping at the Walmart by my apartment and now get all the stuff I normally buy there at this location- L'Oreal Sulfates-free line of shampoos and conditioners and other staples.  Tonight; I needed to get Mom a jar of Laura Scudder peanut butter; her favorite brand.  It costs a little over a dollar more per jar here ($3.29; instead of $2.24 at Walmart); BUT I also spotted jars of Laura Scudder ORGANIC peanut butter selling at $4.19; which Walmart DOESN'T even carry.  (And even if it did; it doesn't matter anymore; since I won't ever go back!)
I am definitely a fan.  My girlfriend and I came here for dinner before a show on campus.  I had a groupon for this place and I had heard good things so I wanted to check it out.  It was almost a bad experience but ended up being a good one.The reason that it was almost bad was because of the length of time it took to have someone come over to the table.  My girlfriend was seated on the patio while I parked the car.  After I joined her it was at least another 10 minutes before anyone came over.  We began looking at the Yelp reviews and almost got up and left when our server came over.  He definitely made up for the wait and saved the day.I think his name was McKenley.  We told him we were on a time crunch as we had to make the show so we ordered everything at once.  He put everything in right away and I have to say I was impressed with how quickly we received our food.  We had a bruschetta board with various types of combinations and we made our own pizza.  The board wasn't bad.  I have had better and I have also had worse.  Maybe it was just the ones we picked.  The pizza was very tasty.  The crust was done well and had a great flavor to it.  We were even able to have some dessert while we were there.  The chocolate chip cookie with mint ice cream was delicious; though be warned it is made with real mint so it does not taste like the stuff you can by at the grocery store.All in all it was a good experience and customer service saved the day.  I would have no problem going back when in the area and I recommend this place if you are looking to grab a bite.
Seriously good and good value. Went there for the first time this week because we saw it on a jog. The worker was very nice and informational and the food he suggested was amazing. Like others said the crab angels are a must!!!! We were told this place has been open for 19 years with the same owner and menu so it has to be good! It was so worth it!
Limited menu but that's a plus here.  Been here twice; it's not the most spacious or stylish place; but the service and food has been top notch both times.  Awesome lunch spot downtown.
the server ashleigh dids a wonderful job great place to go  to hang out to have fun
This Pizza Hut is very close to my house and we are frequent customers.  The staff is friendly enough and; in my opinion; the pizza is great.  We usually get the hand tossed pizza and honey barbeque boneless wings; which I LOVE.  I've also had their thin crust pizza which is good as well.  They usually have some deals going on too; like $10 any size pizza.  Their quality is consistent and their prices are reasonable.
They have veggie burger!!! Although the textures kinda dry; but I would like to go back to this place for 'no-meat' burger!The french fries was great!!!
I went to Rosita's as a reward lunch with my team from work yesterday; let me tell you going anywhere with us is a challenge in itself!; we have Juan aka lunchbox; who can certainly eat his share and more! We did give Rosita's a headsup that we were coming even though there is just 8 of us; but the place is always busy!We got there and were seated right away and got Lauren as a waitress;  she took great care of us! She even got assitance to bring exta chips and salsa which by the way was super yummy! Love their super size cups; never have to ask for a refill they're like a half gallon size; perfect for my diet coke addiction! I decided in 2013 to enjoy life more so I ordered dessert first; the shortcake soppapiah; fabulous! I had the spincah enchilada with white sauce which was melt in your mouth goodness! I am a lucky girl because I sampled my coworkers lunch; a tasty bite of a chimichanga; and a fajita! Oh yes and I got a bite of the fried ice cream too; can you say pajama jeans; I needed them by the time I was done! Everything was fantastic; service included!
Yummy street tacos!
Great store; great location near a large outdoor mall. The employees are friendly and very helpful. The selection of things to browse and purchase is exceptional.
Yay for happy hour deals! After several visits to this hip little rum bar on the light rail line; I've got to say I will keep coming back for the casual and welcoming patio. The food isn't exceptional; but it is good; beer selection could be better; and there are some great rum drinks. I thought the concept was well executed overall. We could use more places like this in the area.
I discovered this gem in the East Valley by chance. I simply noticed a new sign had gone up in a neighborhood near my home that I was interested in exploring more. They hadn't actually opened yet; but I was able to find out about their soft opening after some on-line research; and dragged a roommate to the venue. This didn't give us a complete understanding of how wonderful their menu is; but we were able to sample some delicious free bites that inspired us to come back again. This was also the first time that I had been served anything in a disposable pipet; which indicated to me that the owners might be attuned to the finer details of a good dining experience.And that's what the Crepe Bar is all about... subtle but deliberate choices on delivering a delicious meal. The crepes are perfect! There is so much more finesse and nuance to a breakfast burrito that is served wrapped in a crepe than you can imagine. They also provide a small pile of gourmet salt on the plate so that you can apply just the right  sprinkle. I urge you to try this place for breakfast sometime and see how it stacks up to your other favorites. What I like best is that the portions are not overwhelming but satisfying; the finesse and attention paid to fresh ingredients and flavors is spot-on; and it has the feel of a casual coffee shop... but with food that is truly exceptional!
I have been here a couple of times already and have had two great breakfasts.  The wait staff is pleasant and upbeat.  We were seated right away and able to order in a matter of minutes.The food arrives fresh from the kitchen and reasonable portions.  The restaurant has been fully updated from its previous incarnations.  The price of the food is reasonable and the coffee is delicious.Visit!
Considering how much I like beer; you'd think I'd love this place. However; everything about it is simply mediocre. I've only had two or three things off the menu and they barely reached 'good'; the service was blah; and the layout is cold and uncomfortable. The only positives are the billiard tables and dart boards.
Authentic-tasting Peruvian cuisine.  Or so my wife tells me; she spent a summer in Peru.  Loved the papas rellenas as an appetizer.  We both had steak dishes and the steak was just okay; but the sides had good flavors that were not too spicy.  Make sure to ask for the cancha; (its like cornnuts but fresher and they grow on you quickly)about 3 3/4 stars; and ill go ahead and round it up because of the awesome fried bananas!A few minor downsidesSmall restaurant in an old building.Waiter we had was kind of shy and never found out his name.They take an 18% gratuity from your check.  We normally tip 20 percent so this was no big but still somewhat odd.Overall a place we are planning to come back to and tell friends about.
Dear Press;If you ever want to see your precious four stars; add almond milk to the inventory! I ain't even mad about the lack of bathroom. All I want is milk that isn't sweet and watery (rice milk); GMO'd and packing weirdy aftertaste (soy milk); or brimming with lactose.The rice milk chai was pretty tasty (but be warned: 99% sweet; 1% spicy); and the butterscotch loose leaf tea was quite good; as well. Both would have been significantly better with almond milk; though; and the barista even said that that's all he uses at home.See? There are more of us out there - the few; the proud; the nutty. All I'm really saying is this: cater to our needs. We have cash.
i don't know if it's because i've been to the original yard house and it was so good... but; i was kind of disappointed with the quality of food here.truffle fries were not hot & crispy. they were at the point where they were like cardboard. the pizza i ordered was alright. just didn't taste as flavorful as i expected it to be.will give another try; but probably won't go out of my way to come here.
Was with my friend and her dog Jack and he needed his nails cut & grinded; to me that sounds a little rough; but I guess it's like a big file for the dogs; so Jack got his nails done; then we wandered around the store; and let me tell you if there is any pet need you have; Im sure Pet Smart can handle it!They had kittens; puppies; birds and other animals; if you want a hermit crab they have homes & food for it too; sadly I was unable to find me some sea monkeys to take home as a pet; since they seem more my speed . hahaNeed kennels; cages; leashes; food or water bowls; cat scratching post; cat & dog toys they got it too! Just don't tell my cat Buttercup; because she has enough haha Need crickets to feed your animals or even just food to feed your pet; yea you can get it there too!Pet Smart is a great store to get all your pet needs covered!
Man; Starbucks; way to completely butcher my requested pumpkin spice latte.  The pumpkin powder was still floating around the edges of the cup and it tasted awful too.  I've had this drink at many Starbucks and this is the only place that messed it up.  I'm no longer surprised at the low reviews!
Super cozy little coffee joint close to home. I absolutely love the rusticness of the decor.  Staff is always friendly and the drinks are delicious!  They have a good looking food menu and plenty of sweet treats; but I have yet to have a meal here.
I've been to Cafe Zupas a couple of times.  Living in Mesa (also known as South Utah); Zupas gets all kinds of hype - there was a ton of excitement about this place opening.So I went.So; does this place live up to hype?  Absolutely not.  The only thing I can say about why it is so popular around here; is; it must be a Utah thing.  It's part of their cultural identity... But their cultural identity is play-it-safe; don't-do-anything-too-different; and bland.The food here is fine.  The soup is fine.  The sandwiches are a little mediocre.  The drink bar is fine.  But the soup is not to die for.  The drink bar is not to die for.  The whole place is an exercise in being slightly better than average.  Zupas is to Subway what In-N-Out Burger is to McDonald's.I don't even remember which sandwiches and soups I've tried.  I know I've had a mushroom-based soup that was decent...  They just weren't that memorable.
Just had a wonderful experience at Dee's. They were very understanding of my daughters body shape and fitting her into a leo that fit her beautifully and left her feeling confident. Could not have asked for more-
When the barrista poured my latte with a little leaf design in the foam; I was instantly in love.  I felt like I was back at Stumptown Coffee Roasters in my beloved Portland; OR.  The vanilla latte I ordered was smooth and delicious.  It was just the right temperature so I didn't have to blow on it for half an hour just to take a sip.  For coffee like this; you're gonna pay a little more; but frankly it's worth it.  Pass Starbucks quickly and head to Cartel in terminal 4.
Had a long hike at Dreamy Draw today; to start the New Year. What an awesome place! Wasn't hard to get a parking spot; great scenery; and there are a number of trails to choose from. My only complaint is the trail markers aren't that good; and I subsequently ended up on an unmarked trail and got lost for awhile. Eventually I found my way back to the main trail. Love this place and can't wait to go back and try another trail.
I would like to buy everything in this store! Right now I am on a budget but I plan on buying a few things over the next year.
This gets the award for most overrated place in old town!  DO NOT eat here for breakfast! You will wait longer than they tell you; and then even longer for food and most of the time it comes out cold.  They always seem to be understaffed so service is not what it should be!  They definitely need to work their stuff out!
This was my first time here and I'm really sorry but I'm not impressed. I got a groupon for some oil changes here. So I'm using it. I had to schedule an appointment and I showed up for my scheduled appointment 10 minutes early. This shop is tucked away and there is barely any parking at all. So I walked into the office and the guy at the front was nice and courteous and checked me in. However; from the time I walked in the the office to the time they pulled my car into the bay it was 45 minutes. During that time I sat in my car waiting because there seems to be no place to sit in the actual office. If there was; it wasn't obvious becasue I saw no chairs and they didn't bother to direct me to have a seat while I wait.  As I'm sitting there in my car I can see some guy working in my rear view mirror and the machine he was working on was either not working right or he didn't know how to use it... At one point; I hear some one yell out what the fucking shit and the sound of a hand tool like a wrench or something hitting the concrete.  I'm not saying they need to add plants and change the decor; but they need to know what type of customers they cater to; clean the place up and add some professionalism. When the man at the front counter went over my information; he said that the mechanics recommended that I flush ALL fluids; brake; transmission; everything.  They also recommended that I buy all new timing belts; they also said my battery was leaking water. So I politely said thank you and later my husband said he would check all of those items for me.If only all mechanic shops had the professionalism and cleanliness that Discount Tire has in all their stores.  I wish Discount Tire did oil changes.After this coupon I'm definitely not coming back here again.
I have nothing bad to say about Nordstrom ESPECIALLY the one in Fashion Square Scottsdale. They always have the best customer service and friendly staff!I love the great finds here; even in the Juniors section for us small girls/ladies!The only thing is that I wish their high-end shoe department sold more high-end shoes; common Louboutins!!!
Expensive but excellent food. It is worth every penny you spend there. The meat just needs the right amount of salt and pepper and let the meat shine for itself. Having said that; I was also never disappointed with the service either until my very  last visit. Despite reserving a party of 20 several days before-hand; we had to wait for more than 40 minutes for our table. Personally in this situation I usually cancel my reservation and go to another restaurant; but when you have 20 people with you; it is difficult to migrate to other places and feel obligated to wait.  I know for sure that next time I come here to not  bring large parties at this place. I gave 3 stars due to poor organization; but will give 5 stars for the food.
I LOVE THIS THEATER!It's usually not that busy (we went on New Year's Day so it was a bit more busy than usual); but still beats other locations that are overrun with attitude filled teenagers!  It's also kept very clean!Outdoor ticket kiosks are great so you can avoid the indecisiveness of some patrons.  Push a few buttons; slide your card; grab your ticket and go!  They had PLENTY of lines open at concession and were filling orders very quickly and with a smile on their faces.  Popcorn is the bomb and of course they have FREE seasonings! Yes...FREE!  The only thing I will say is starting this year...loyalty cup refills are now going to be $1.50 as opposed to $1.  It's okay...better than paying $4.00 a visit!  I love how the staff is always waiting to clean the theater as soon as the movie is over and they thank you for coming and are just happy and seem to really like their jobs!Thanks Harkins for always making movie going experience enjoyable and problem free!
I abuse my bike and the chain is often out of alignment making a constant clacking  /grinding noise and running pretty rough.  I took my bike in just to get new tubes put in since I'm also really good at running over nails and wood staples.  I went back a couple hours later and not only had they put in the new tubes; they tuned it up so it ran smoothly and quietly.  Sure i get from here to there easier now; but it now it takes twice as long to work off the same number of calories.  Damn you Landis Cyclery!  Daaaaaamn Yooooou!  Great service; good price.  Highly recommend.
Visit TQLA at least once a week.   Love their salsa's.    Great  desserts.    Especially like their taco salad.     Have eaten several of their luncheon specials and found them to all be good.;       Highly recommend visiting and enjoying the food and drink.
They seemed nice enough; no problems.   I was just getting a puncture repaired.
Had a contractor break one of my Milguard windows and called Arcadia about replacing it. I talked with Joe and he asked for the serial number and offered to call Milguard to check into it for me. Called back about 30 minutes later and said it was covered under warranty and gave me the phone numbers and contact info for my replacement. Was very pleased to see someone actually take the time to help me out  probably knowing that there would be no business for his company. Next time I need windows; I will remeber Arcadia and patronize their company.
We had a great ti me here.  Ate some snake; cactus and prime rib.  Can't. Wait to come back.
Arrived at Vine Expressions at 6:05pm on Dec 27; 2012 to find the business closed. We checked both front and back doors.. We drove to Vine Expressions AFTER phoning and listening to the recorded message with their hours; and AFTER checking the date on their website events : Angela Ferrari/ The girl has pipes!!WhenThu; December 27; 6pm - 9pmDescriptionMeet your sommelier/taste four winesmore details»    PS- I found this post online that the business is on again; off again;  was also closed in October - http://mouthbysouthwest.com/2012/10/19/closed-vine-expressions-in-gilbert/
Pros1. One of the best veggie burgers I have eaten in PHX! They make their own veggie patties everyday apparently! Ah put the fried egg on it; & it will blow Ur mind. Yes u r welcome :)2. Huge portions for the fries and shakes. We got zucchini tots & sweet potato fries. They were good. 3. The salads look amazing as well; try em 4. The ambience is good and service good; even if a tad slow Cons1. No fries are included with the burger and this always gets to me; why should we pay more to get fries; common no burger is complete without the fries!! It's not like the burger is huge to be worth $10. When u order the fries though be careful it's huge; so better to share it with someone. 2. The place is a bit on the expensive side for a burger placeAll said I m coming back to get the veggie burger again. Love the places like these that are puttin effort into making the vegetarians happy as well
Yum yum yum. :)
.So happy they opened back up after a fire.  The food here is amazing.  I have tried most of the things on the menu over the years and have NEVER been disappointed.  the other night i got a daisy dog which was a corn dog but with the different type of batter!  To sum it up if you want some good food; cheap; with the risk of getting killed in a drive by shooting then this is your place!  i know i will go back soon!!!
Nice ambiance and crowd here.This is an asian/mexican fusion place.I can really see having a fun girls night out here ;or a HH with friends .Tons of cocktails to choose from ;i tried the jasmine star ( upon recommendation)it was a good sipping cocktail .Service was super friendly and on pointe.We started with the chicken lettuce wraps ;they were very tasty .I had a beef with asparagus dish(pepper seared beef) that was really delicious and a generous portion.The miso soup wasn't bad ( i have had better).My son loved the firecracker chicken with boccoli ;he kept remarking how good it was .Prices were decent .we enjoyed our dinner .I will return.
We stopped in here to look around for gifts for a 13 and a 19-year-old.  They were having a pretty good sale on leftover Xmas stuff; so we picked up a couple of items and headed to the counter to pay.  Two women were there working and had no customers at the counter.  My BF and I put our items on the counter; and one teenage-ish worker rolled her eyes up and saw us but didn't acknowledge us.  The older one was apparently the MOD.  After a good 10-12 seconds of no acknowledgement; the older one whispers something to the younger one and takes off.  We were never greeted; we never received a smile. . .just a begrudging ring-up of the merchandise.  Is it because we only purchased sale items?  Please; young cashier who doesn't make much more than minimum wage; don't patronize me because you think I am too old or too cheap to shop in your store.  I was ready to tell her to forget about it; but I knew my daughter would love the necklace I was buying; so I went ahead with the transaction.  Hopefully these two women do not represent the typical JC customer service experience.  It was 12/28/2012 around 4:30 pm.  It will be hard for me to shop here again although I will certainly continue to shop at other Juicy locations.
get the zipps wings; golden-medium hot. it's sweet; spicy; and comes out hot. that's all you really need to know.okay; it's also a cool place to grab drinks with friends. their zipperitas are strong as balls. there's tvs everywhere and it gets packed for every game. but really; get the zipps wings; golden-medium hot. I just moved to LA and I really; truly; deeply; miss zipps wings.
OK I love sandwiches. I was the kid who had the same Turkey Sandwich everyday for lunch growing up by choice because I love sandwiches. Now with that being said I live near Old Town which is lacking a good sandwich spot in my opinion. So when my girlfriend and I stumbled upon this place thanks to Yelp! we were excited. First of the place looks really cool. It looks like sharp and somewhere you would want to eat. It was a Sunday afternoon and we walked in around 2pm; the place was relatively empty. After we looked through the cold case and the menu we walked up to the counter and waited.....and waited....and waited. There were 5 employees standing right in front of us really enjoying themselves until one finally realized we had been waiting to order. We ordered panini style turkey sandwiches paid and sat at the counter top bar. The food also took a while to come out. As we sat there we just watched the employees play on their phones; make fun of each other; hangout in the back and overall very unprofessional. When our $9 sandwiches finally arrived they were only OK. Nothing we couldn't have made at home with a $10 panini press from target some deli meat and bread. It gets two stars because of the restaurant decor and OK food. The staff kills this place they are loud; unkept and unprofessional. I'll spend a few more dollars and go to many of the other great restaurants in Kierland.
Metta is my home yoga studio. It is truly a wonderful place to experience yoga. Real honest to goodness Hatha yoga. No hot yoga; no yogarobics; just a very good selection of healing; present; peaceful; strong; positive yoga. The entire staff of this studio is kind; comfortable; helpful and skilled.I love to be here and enjoy the community that you automatically enter just by going to class here.They also have a lovely selection of boutique items; in just the right amount.I am so grateful for Metta!
I made the mistake of going to this branch on a Friday at 4:30 pm. They had 2 teller windows open and I counted 23 people in line; with 4 greeters. I had a simple check deposit and I didn't require a receipt. I asked 2 of the greeters if they could handle the deposit for me; as greeters do at their other branches; but was told I would need to stand in line. I will not make the same mistake twice and won't be returning to this branch.
Nice cozy place with great pizza (Smoked Salmon; Santa Fe are our favorites) and nice beer (1554 on tap). Overall; a fantastic; friendly vibe; have already been there about 10 times and never been let down with the experience.
Huge selection of beers.. Ambiance is also great.. food is awesome....try the chicken nachos...just awesome !
WOW!  What an amazing experience!  My mom; myself; and our friend went there for their second saturday market and tasting demonstrations.  When we arrived; we were immediately greeted by several happy; warm workers who looked genuinely happy to be there and that we were there.  The tasting stand was just getting set up; and they were kind of surprised to see us.  Randy; the manager; Jeremy the executive chef; Anthony the sous chef; as well as others made sure that our experience was incredible from the start!  We were the only people attending the tasting demonstration to start and as I said to them; I felt like a rock star!  The food was amazing; fresh; and so nice that it was organic.  The tasting was completely worth the cost and we will definitely be back!
Luci's has finally emerged from their growing pains.  In the beginning; the entire neighborhood was pining to love a new locally owned joint.  But like any emo teenager striving to fit in; they swung from one identity to another often; which compromised the consistency and end-product.  After four-ish years however; they seem to have left their pimply pubescent years behind them and offer plenty of good stuff.  The food has been great of late.  One of my favorites is the Turkey Lurkey; a hugely satisfying sandwich of smokey turkey; apple wood smoked bacon; avocado; havarti and pesto piled high on toasty sourdough.  Another great pick is the tuna nicoise salad; and they know a thing or two about making a turkey burger juicy and luscious.  The baristas and register workers are finally with it; and crank out delicious coffees and pastries.  Although the grocery area has improved dramatically in my opinion; it's still a bit pricey for health snacks and such (think $7 bags of kale chips).  Make sure you grab a coupon they keep near the register for 15% off 3+ bottles of wine; and pair your grapes with one of their wonderful cheeses in the refrigerated section.
Checked in here two Sundays ago; on a rare day off from work; to see if I could find another painting or print to pair with a Ron Burns I'd received as a Christmas present from a friend years ago.  I didn't have any luck finding one of Burns'; but I did spot about three or four other framed prints I would enjoy.  However; even with the 20% sale on posters and prints going on; I decided to postpone a spending spree.  (Didn't really have much of a choice; since I'd just left some cash for a lovely handbag at Brighton Collectibles nearby.)I found many items; from large glass votive candle holders and jewel-like salad plates to beautiful bedspreads and accent mirrors; that I wanted to beautify my home with; but as I've mentioned; I really couldn't afford to splurge anymore.  If one was adept at craftwork; one could get so many ideas perusing through this store!  I'll definitely be back!
La Bocca has been one of my favorite restaurants for a while now. I can't get enough of their sangria; appetizers; or mint ice cream. Yum!While I wouldn't say the Italian food is all that authentic; it's certainly delicious. The wood-fired pizza certainly rivals its more expensive competitors. Although I admit I'll sometimes just order the appetizer sampler and goat cheese salad; (and a pitcher of sangria;) and I'll be set for the evening.  The food is the main draw; but I have to say that the atmosphere is nice as well.  It's fairly trendy and the tables are candlelit--good for a date night or a classier alternative to a normal evening on Mill. I would definitely recommend La Bocca! Have fun; and don't forget to save room for the ice cream!
I love the feel of this place; the coffee is great (my fav part) and what Ive eaten is pretty yummy........ but can a girl get some more vegetarian options here? Lay some goat cheese on me will ya!
I love coming to Tempe Marketplace...I just HATE the traffic.  Last night; it took me 15 minutes to get into the parking lot from the light on McClintok and Tempe Marketplace .  That does not include the other 10 minutes it took to get a parking.  Other than that; the place is great.  Huge variety of stores; bars; restaurants and the movie theater is ginormous!Public restrooms are clean which is a huge bonus.We enjoyed some frozen yogurt on the couches in front of the fire by Barnes and Noble while listening to some guys perform.  (Very talented guys as well).
Had to try to squeeze in one last fix before leaving town. And to see if the airport version could compare to the in town. Not a bit of disappointment here. Excellent macchiato. Staff is super friendly. Nice to see a REAL barista in the airport. One with skills... And cares about what she is doing. Great job again Cartel!!
Sooo rude it's ridiculous I called to ask a question and Mike wouldn't even let me finish a sentence!!! Worst customer service I've even encountered!
I can't really say anything that hasn't been said over and over again in previous review.  Great service; phenomenal food; fair prices; and healthy portions.  This place is truly unique and I would come back over and over again.  However; I'm still not a fan of them not accepting credit cards which pisses me off to no end.  The personal call from the chef/owner a few days prior to our meal to confirm our reservation and other details is an excellent touch.  I would however have loved for him to drop by my table at some point during the meal.  I actually thought it was odd that he didn't.Anyway; this is a great place and highly recommended.
This is a great location for Filiberto's food.  If you want fresh; large portions; and have a craving for Mexican food this is your destination.  We have ordered several times for lunch for work.  We call in advance and place a to-go order which in our case could be 20 breakfast burritos.  The best part is that when everyone at work gets one of the breakfast burritos or Carne Asada burritos everyone is happy.  Nothing like a happy workplace and a satisfying meal.  The breakfast burrito has lots of egg; green onions mixed in; ham; pico; bacon; and cheese.  Be ready that bacon is real bacon with fat also; so if you hate fat skip the bacon.  If you love bacon that fat adds a nice flavor to the burrito.  They also give you green and red sauce; but both are mild to no heat.  I also enjoy the Carne Asada burrito and be prepared it is a large burrito.  Most cannot finish it in one sitting.  I pride myself on doing so and then fall into a work coma after wards :)They serve breakfast all day I highly suggest a breakfast burrito to fill a really empty belly.  And at $4 it really is a lot of food for the cash.  Enjoy.
Never been disappointed going here. I know anytime I order my pig five o it'll taste the same or better each time. The chipotle ranch is awesome.
A group of us went for a birthday dinner because of a Groupon that was purchased. I am a FAN. Two of us from the group went back for lunch less than two weeks later and the ambiance was just as accomadating for a conversation between the two of us as it was for a dinner with six friends.The food is delicious. I recommend the Roasted Garlic; Goat Cheese and Arugula bruschetta. They have 1/2 of glasses of wine during Happy Hour as well.This is for sure becoming one of my favority cozy spots.
So; I Had The Chicken Yakisoba (Chow Mein) I was not impressed at all. Sadly as soon as I took my first bite I knew I wasted my money. Didn't have enough chicken and  the noodles were over cooked the flavor could have been better. Now I'm now saying the place was horrible that's why I gave it two stars not just one. The atmosphere wasn't great either that should have turned me away in the first place but I had a friend that was telling me how good this place was so I gave it a shot. I will not go back
his was my first time eating here.  I had the Igby  on a spicy dog.  Very tasty.  Great coleslaw and blue cheese.  Quick; and a friendly staff.  I will definitely eat here again!
Missed appointments and appointments cancelled without 2 BUSINESS days notice are subject to a cancellation fee of $50 per half hour of scheduled appointment time.On Monday morning I canceled my daughter's appointment scheduled for Tuesday at 4pm and was told that I would have a $50 cancellation fee.  I was shocked; and said to the front staff lady; You do realize we will not be coming back again don't you.  That is fine she said.  Life happens and things happen but there is no leeway or compassion with this office.   I received a bill in the mail the next day; before we had even missed our appointment time.  I have no doubt they had plenty of time to fill that appointment slot; but choose to bill me anyways.  I will take my business somewhere else.
I've been to this bar/restaurant many times and almost always have a good time. This time I went in for some lunch and a beer with some friends. It was New Years Day so there weren't many people there. The service was very good; and so were the prices; but the food wasn't very good at all. I had four of their $2 tacos and they were just too watery and didn't have much flavor. I'll go with something different next time.
My friend and I came here a few nights backs for some bubble tea. Wow! Finding a place dedicated to bubble tea was surely a great find. We've tried a lot of places; some good; some not.Well. This was the WORST bubble tea we'd ever tried. Watered down; horribly flavored and overcooked tapioca pearls. Blech!! After a few sips; we pitched the awful drinks and went out for frozen yogurt instead.This is NOT how bubble tea (slushy type) should be.
if you can find something here then you will never find it else where
Pra Ram is outstanding; best peanut sauce around.
Not going to lie; I thought the place was closed when we walked up to it. It's not exceptionally well lit on the inside and the outside is adorable but misleading. Anyway; the inside is very chic. A heavy red tint on the walls and very modern; Asian-inspired seating. Not a massive selection of yogurt choices but they had white boy vanilla so that makes up for anything else they may lack. Really impressive candy/fruit bar and by the cup counter they had tall; smoothie cups too. So that's cool that they serve more than just yogurt. Really cool place!
Used Dodge Electric to run wiring for installation of a swimming pool heat pump; ran wiring for 2new house fans; ran wiring for additional plug in. These guys are on time; polite; clean up their work site and simply did an excellent job
This place has the best salsa and great prices! it is made fresh every day and can't beat it!!
My husband has been coming here since it first opened as Brennan's in the 80's specifically to eat the hot sauce.  Thankfully when the new owners took over they kept the recipe and my husband can still get this childhood obsession.  We go here Sundays for football and they are very good about making sure everyone gets to see the games they want and the service is attentive.  I would definitely recommend it for watching a game and having some tasty bar food.
Only one star based on having to at least have one!Long wait for main courseAhi tuna was not good- fat strands throughout Sea bass too expensive for the dish - just averageWaiter recommended the pineapple upside down cake- worst desert we ever had!  Didn't taste like the desert we have had many times!  Saturated in brown sugar rich sauce.Will never go there again; we a recommendation from the Westin.  They will receive a review as well.
Saturday night was our second time at Cibo and we were NOT disappointed.  We started at Bianco and were disappointed when they told our party of 6 that it would be a 4 hour wait.  So we decided to give Cibo a shot.  Great choice.  They sat us on their beautiful patio immediately and they had live music.  James was our server and he was wonderful.  We started with the Il Tagliere and the 3 pairs of Bruschetta; amazing.  Then I think for our party of 6; we got 7 pizza's; they were all delicisous. I think everyone's favorite was the Procida; it was light and fresh and simply amazing.  I would come back here again anytime.
To start off I consider myself a Tea Connoseur. I was attracted to this place while browsing arrowhead one afternoon. I had a sample of the SAmurai Chai mate (sickly sweet) but decided to give it a shot anyway. First off when I arrive in the store a employee accosts me and aggressively begins his Sales Pitch. I humor him thinking I just want my tea then I will leave. He shows me all their teas on tap  (he claims one of them is the rarest in the world LOL - Yeah; ok) and I humor him. I tell him I would like a hot tea and he starts pouring me loose leaf tea in a tin can and talking his Pitch real hard at me - you should buy a tin for 25 bucks it keeps the tea fresher longer - Whoa; what? Since when did i order a LOOSE LAEF TEA; Bud?? Well I stop him as he weights the tea (25 bucks for a few ounces) and I say Excuse me; I did not order loose leafe; I asked for a Hot tea... he cops a attitude and gruffly says sorry. thought you wanted loose and his cohort chimes in Its already in the Tin... What! Is this how a place conducts Customer Service? Please. I say I would like a hot tea please that I orgionally ordered. He goes thought you canceled your order rudely and then starts tending to a old lady for her order (easier to scam a older person; obviously the mark he orginally picked (me) was on to his game). I ended up walking out without my tea. I did not make a scene but I regretted not making one; due to the rudeness and underhanded sales tactics employed by this man and company. I will stick to local Tea Houses or brew my own teas at home - Thanks but no thanks Teavana.
Can't say enough good things - I am from out of state and wanted to send something nice to my dad for Christmas. Needless to say; I waited until the last minute and came across Pie Snob. Friday before Christmas Eve they delivered him a beautiful Apple pie (for a small fee). I couldn't believe how helpful and accommodating they were.In fairness; I didn't get to taste the pie myself but it was RAVED about by my dad and his company. Hoping to grab one the next time I am in AZ!
I finally ate lunch here after hearing my wife's rave reviews for years. It turns out that there was a recent ownership change; but my wife assured me that the menu has remained the same. The new owners greeted us warmly and we very friendly.The food was fresh and amazing and the service was great. Recommended!
The food was nothing special; however the owner managed service is great. The atmosphere is nice as well. The coffee was good; and the price was acceptable. But food quality and taste is the most importance and the food at wy-knot left me thinking why not use fresh ingredients.
Read at least the first three sentences.I can't get back into the dentist easily here. The office usually closes at 3 and is closed on Fridays. Once in a while they have Saturday appointments that are booked five months in advance.Read more to see why I rated my normally 5 star dentist as a 1 star.I have been going to this office for three years and spent lots of money fixing my fiance's teeth. Today was the first time that I was made to feel stupid. The billing person told me it was okay to pay a portion of the bill at the time of service and do the rest during a one time payment in January. She even scheduled an appointment for me to get a second filling in the afternoon and to get another procedure done as well under the same payment plan. When I came back in the afternoon new staff had come in. The morning staff; Jen; Megan; and the dental assistant were so nice! Dr. B. was awesome as always.The afternoon staff was quite different; not speaking to me until the dentist was present; then the assistant proceeded to question the dentist's procedure in front of me. I was going to have impressions made for retainers; which is pricy; but I would have never said I would do it unless the billing lady told me it was okay.  The assistant walked out of the room and never spoke to me. The office manager Lygia came back and proceeded to belittle me. Did I understand how much this was going to cost? I explained that I had made an arrangment with the office girl.  that I had previously made $2000 worth of payments for my boyfriend. Lygia continued to be short and gruff. I told her that I had signed the paper showing the expected cost. Lygia told me it would be less. Then she made me feel stupid by saying that I couldnt have the impressions made unless I could put half down on the day of service. (I would have never assumed that this was okay unless the other girl said it was fine. I'm not like that.)Then she walks out; makes a comment at the doctor; and walked up front. The dental assistant said something quickly and walked out of the room...I assumed that this was the end of my appointment? I went up to the desk to check out. Lygia again was short; gruff and rude and wanted me to give payment for this second visit. I explained again that I had made arrangements.I felt so stupid. If Lygia is the office manager; it makes sense that the afternoon staff sees it is okay to behave this way. When I got home; I called back and of course got Lygia. I explained that I would never assume that I could get a procedure done and not paid for it or assume that I could make payments unless I was told it was okay. I explained again that I had previously made payments and paid off my boyfriend's $2000 bill. Lygia said that she spoke to the lady that said it was okay and confirmed that this is what our arrangment was and that it was okay. She did not apologize for being rude; instead she just mentioned that they usually have good communication. She even said it was okay to make the damn payments. Then why couldn't I come back in to get the impressions?I can't get back into the dentist easily here. The office usually closes at 3 and is closed on Fridays. Once in a while they have Saturday appointments that are booked five months in advance.What a jerk!
Haven't had a bad thing on the menu yet.  And surprisingly authentic!  Must try for the phoenix area.  I'm a regular.
One of my favorite Chinese restaurants in the Phoenix valley; have been to Nee House for a few years now and the food has been consistently delicious. Always come here to fill up the little homesickness. Took a few different groups of friends over and no one has disappointed. Some of our most ordered dishes are French styled beef; garlic crabs and stir-fried A vegetables. Of course there are many other good ones; just be a bit adventurous and give it a try :-)
I LOVE SCHLOTZKYS!  There; I said it.  I don't know why these don't outnumber Quizno's and Subway. The bread and bread choices kick butt.  Can you get sourdough at those places?  How 'bout dark rye bread?  Any rye bread?  NO!I try and stop by this or any Schlotzky's every chance I get.  I just wish there was one closer to my house (Arrowhead).
Very disappointing.  I have stayed in many Radissons before (I think they are the most underrated hotel brand around); but this one is a letdown.  Where do I start?  Damn; this building is COOOOOLD.  And; I think the hotel is older; and not real well-kept.  Our room was not much better than a La Quinta.  One of the lamps did not work; one of the Sleep Number beds were broken.  Parking lot not well lit.No channel guide in the in-room book (noteworthy; since there was a tab for it; and no page).  The restaurant menu was seriously 2-3 pages in a cheap report cover.  My  9 year old has turned in more professional looking homework.  Oh; and; check out the reverse happy hour from 9:30 - 11; oh but the bar closes at 10.  In addition to tacky; the menu is just wrong.The staff?  Meh - a lot to be desired.  Seems there is a lot of drama here; and if you like soap operas - come get coffee in the lobby at 5:30 am - you will hear it all.  Management turnover; new guy ordering; blah; blah; blah.I know there are a lot of positive reviews on the food and Chef Mark but when front desk staff walks around the kitchen barefoot; Chef Mark can kiss my foot; if you know what I mean.We booked this room on hotels.com for $50; and it was worth that.  But; don't get suckered in A Radisson for $50? really?  No; not really.
Not sure what other folks were expecting when the came here. If you're looking for a hip bar to get dressed up for with the latest brews and drinks this isn't the place for you. Want a neighborhood English pub in downtown Phoenix? Step right in.Inside of a redone old house is a laid back place which is great for coming to hang out with some friends and have a few beers. We went on a slow night which may have helped with the ambiance. The service was a bit on the slow side at times; but we weren't in any real hurry so it wasn't a big deal. The soundtrack for the evening was punk/new wave/ska featuring The Clash; Police; Talking Heads; The Specials; etc. Nothing out of the ordinary for a pub as far as the food was concerned; but it was good. Definitely plan to hit this place up again next time I'm in Phoenix.
Loved.
This place is bad. BAD!I went for a cheaper hotel in Phoenix; since it was going to be a quick trip. But $65/night in Phoenix should have gone further. I also am a Wyndham Rewards member; and wanted to rack up loyalty points... I don't know if I will ever bother staying at a Days Inn ever again.1) Welcome to the ghetto. It is seriously surrounded by project-style tenements. Blue Moon Nude dancers; a window-less brick building is across the street. I am pretty sure someone rented a room here on an hourly rate; as I was awoken to LOUD sex from 5-6 AM coming from the room next door; who checked in at 4:45 and checked out at 6:05. Wham bam thank you madam...2) The airport shuttle is slow.3) The continental breakfast is a joke.4) The staff is not friendly.5) The room stank of cigarette smoke - it was suppose to be non-smoking. The bathrooms were nasty. And there was a wet spot on the carpet. I also found a ridiculous love letter someone had left behind... And while that was incredibly amusing; the fact that the cleaning staff had missed it spoke volumes about their attention to detail.Don't do it; unless you are DESPERATE!
We had a great time here!  Our server (Celine) was top notch - she was attentive but not overbearing and made sure everything was to our liking.  Enchiladas with poblano cream sauce were excellent.Great service; good margaritas; good chips n salsa; really nice; easy-going atmosphere.
My 13 year old son broke with leg two months ago and since has been non-weight bearing.  As a result; even with physical therapy 3 x week; he is having a difficult time bending his leg back to a normal position.  Last week he was seen by Dr. Hunt as a first time chiropractic patient.  Dr. Hunt quickly put my son and his anxiety at ease.  He fully explained each step of the process prior to the adjustment.  After the adjustment Dr. Hunt took a few minutes longer to have a very heart-felt yet concerning talk about my son consciously working toward straightening his leg (it was good for him to hear it from somebody other than nagging mom).  In addition; while waiting in the lobby I was extremely impressed with the family feel environment and the way the staff acknowledged coming and going patients.  Our first experience exceeded expectations and we look forward to future treatments with Hunt Family Chiropractic!
This is my favorite Italian food spot in town. The gnocchi and ravioli are incredible!
Ate here the last two Sundays with family and friends. Great Indian food and nice; quiet place to converse with your dinner guests. My 81 year old aunt has trouble hearing in loud restaurants and loved how quiet it was. Then again; on both trips to Royal Taj we were the only diners! They have a full bar but  they don't know how to make many drinks. This is actually a plus because they will let you hop behind the bar and mix your own drinks! Stiff Bombay Sapphire Martinis for my family!
Good coffee; sometimes a little burnt. Pastries great.
Tour was short; but interesting. Food is ok and beer is ok.  It's interesting to check out the local brewery scene though.  It has potential with a stage for a band setup.  Could be a nice local hangout spot on a Friday or Saturday night for those in the neighborhood.  Bottled beer that we took home was flat.
The fiancé's and my first place together in Phoenix was just down the street from this place and we thought we lucked out when we found out we lived so close to this Gallo Blanco.  I was searching for an apartment for us since we were moving from Texas and I remember calling her saying 'you won't believe what I found next to this apartment I just checked out'.  It had a positive influence on our decision to move into the nearby apartment complex.  But after the first few visits; the curtains feel down and what was revealed was a sort of shock to us.Meal:  I usually stuck to the tacos and chilaquiles.  The fiancé went for the tacos and the burritos.  And like clockwork; we always started our meal with dressed Tecates.  We would get cocktails everyone once in a while in the evenings with chips and salsa.Taste:  The food is hit or miss here; and I am not talking about comparing menu item to menu item.  It is more of a if you don't like the beef taco on Tuesday; they might be made right on Friday.  There was no consistency.  Some occasions; it was the perfect meal.  Some occasions; it didn't taste that good.  The cocktails are decent but they are nothing to write home to momma about.  7 out of 10.Value:  The food a little pricey end of the spectrum; but I have come accustomed to that when going to hipster-like restaurants.  Drinks prices are ok.  It is just . . . an ok value.  3 out of 5.Service/Cleanliness:  I really like the servers.  They are always in a good spirit; are nice and polite.  Sometimes they are a little slow and I have noticed they sometimes get caught up in conversations with other workers in the kitchen; but it wasn't as egregious as some other places I have visited.  But I had one meal that was littered with what I hope was human hair.  It was like my tacos were giving birth to a chewbaca.  YAAAAAAGGGGGHHHHHHHHHHNNNNNNNN (Chewy sound effect).  That was the last time I went to Gallo Blanco and I will never go back for that reason. 6 out of 10.Atmosphere:  The high point of Gallo Blanco is the atmosphere.  It has a great patio.  It is located in a cool boutique hotel.  The decorating was very simply stated but it wasn't meek.  It was spot on.  5 out of 5.Overall:  Oh you white rooster; you broke my heart.  This could have been one of those places my fiancé and I would drive half way across the valley to visit after we moved.  But it wasn't meant to be.  21 out of 30 points.  3 out of 5 stars.
My husband and I just moved to AZ and I was dreading having to find a family doctor; there are so many how can you choose!  After lots of time spent online researching family doctors I came across the reviews from Yelp for Seville Family Physicians.  I looked up Dr. Cheng and saw he had high ratings on other sites as well.  I decided to try Dr. Cheng after reading the reviews on here and I am so pleased I did!!Everyone I've dealt with is very friendly!  I LOVE the same day/next day appointment set up. (I'd never heard of that before now)  the wait time is minimal if any.  Literally I'll sit down...open a magazine and find the story I'm interested in and then they call me in before I can even read it! Haha (not complaining though). Dr. Cheng is SOOO friendly.  I feel really comfortable around him and trust that he knows what he's talking about.  He's really great at explaining things and I always leave knowing exactly what to expect and when I should come back (If i need a follow up).  I definitely recommend Dr. Cheng!  This is the first time I've ever written a review on Yelp so that says something!
I can't possibly say one bad thing about this place.  I have been going here for 6 months or so now and I don't know what I would do without it! My husband is equally as obsessed.  It takes some time to figure out what you love and don't love and I even find myself on a kick of eating certain meals because it's THAT good! I know some people have an issue with the price but I couldn't make this food at home for the price of a MFF meal (trust me I have tried).  I either throw away uneaten portions; get sick of the same thing over and over again or just can't get it flavorful enough while still keeping it clean; low cal and gluten free.  Make sure you try to My Fit Cocktail! I am drinking it as I type this review :) Since I have started eating gluten free I have had ZERO sinus issues; my autoimmune condition has cleared up and I have lost about 5 pounds.  Try a 21 day challenge and you will never go back!
The macadamia nut chicken was really great!! It's a bit pricy but worth it :)
back in phoenix and back to mi patio. this time i asked about the refried beans; they are vegan; no lard. had a tostada. it was good but nothing special. margaritas were still cheap and pretty good but nothing excellent about this restaurant.
This is our go to place for Mediterranean food.  They have great hummus and baba  ganoush.  I love the build your own appetizer plate.  We have been going here for almost 10 years now and wont stop anytime soon.
Played yesterday; course is in very nice shape.Greens are firm; fast; and roll true. Just wish people would fix their divots.I don't like the new sand in the green side bunkers as you almost always get a partially buried lie.Staff is friendly; not a fan of the driving range (mats).
My family love this place for their Bibimpap! Being vegetarian; they allow us to omit the meat and substitute it for tofu! Their fried rice is tasty as well! Each person is served with miso soup and there are Korean side dishes to share! Service is great and they are always welcoming. Note: I would stay clear of some of the side dishes if you are not familiar with Korean food. I prefer the potato; cabbage and cucumber kimchi!
Are you a guy? Do you have hair? Do you get it cut or are perhaps thinking of having it cut? Did you answer yes to any of those questions? Then do you know Mark? If not; you should. Before I started cutting hair myself; Mark (who owns and operates ProStyles) is the only person I would trust to cut my little boy's hair. Mark is an amazing barber with his back east flavor and way of business. He knows his stuff; you tell him your vision and he will make it happen. He even hooks you up with massage when you're all done. His prices are great. If I remember correctly you get a discount Monday through Thursday. Friday's can get pretty packed in there anyway. If you are looking for a new barber and live work or play in the downtown; midtown; or uptown area I suggest giving ProStyles a try. Look them up on Facebook and Twitter for promotional specials and any changes in schedules due to holidays and what have you.Don't be scared just because Mark is almost bald either. He knows his ish.
Saw this place on Diners; Drive-Ins; and Dives and had to come try the brioche french toast. We went on a week day and it wasn't very crowded. Everyone seemed to enjoy their food that I was with (people got omelet; the Wolfpack (hash browns with eggs and bacon in between more hash browns) though noone thought it was outstanding.The brioche french toast I had came with caramelized bananas and pecans and I had to ask for more bananas because I literally was brought 3-4 small slices of banana on top of my french toast and the pecans were all bits and pieces. To their credit; they brought me out a lot more bananas and they were caramelized and in the caramel sauce.I would definitely return.
Went to Richardson's for the first time the other day after hearing about the place for a long time.  I thought the food was good but not great.  The atmosphere as nice but a bit dark for my tastes (to each his own).  Overall I guess I was expecting a bit more than this place delivered.I had the enchilada plate and as i said it was good but did not stand out compared to other new Mexican enchiladas.  I liked the salsa a lot but the chips were pretty oily. I would go again if someone I know wants to go there - but it it is not high up on my list for a repeat visit - -  overall; the food did not overwhelm me and for Mexican/New Mexican the price was a bit high.Not a hater of of the place but not a lover either.
I've tried and loved their burritos; tacos; tamales; and horchata. I found Moreno's because they're the only place in the area open past nine. The avocado based green sauce is also great.
Best place in Gilbert for breakfast.  Food was great and service was superior.  Thanks
It's always a happy surprise when coming here ; either in the way of a seasonal beer or a employee who hates their job. Either way the food is always what I expect And tastes the way I remember. If I want a sure bet I come here. Love the soups and pizza lunch specials and the to go service to your car.
thank God for our national foresys; parks; and preserves.
Not only does Wildfish has a really great happy hour; but they have the best crab cakes and lobster bisque I have had in Arizona. The seafood is very fresh and every dish I've had there has been excellent.
Brought to you by the proprietor of Rice Paper! I am a big fan of this local restaurant; Rice Paper; and it seems I am all also going to be a big fan of Bonjour!French soup and quail eggs! Great great!Thank you to the friends at Rice for allowing me to stop by and enjoy the soft openingRL
I by almost all my coffee for my drip machine (yes; my automatic drip coffee maker...get over yourself) from here.  Mainly because they are close by  They roast their own coffee and have some excellent roasts.  My favorite so far is the Peruvian.  But there are still so many to try.  Their roasts are constantly changing; which can be annoying when you find something you like and next time it's gone.  The people here are super friendly (both employees and guests).  The crowd is mostly 20-somethings (PVCC is right across the street); but I've never felt the old man when I'm in here.  They are not as specialized as Cartel Coffee; but offer great coffee and comfortable environment and a very pleasant experience.
So here's a funny story.Well; not Ha Ha funny; but funny.  I came here for lunch yesterday and I had a coupon to buy one six inch with a drink; get a second six inch for free.  So I order a BMT (long way from Brooklyn I know) and go to pay.  That will be $6.61 please.  Say what?  Oh; the sandwich $4.74 (for a 6) and the drink is $2.00; along with tax; that's $6.61  Ah; huh.I smile; and wonder why I didn't get two of their $2.00 Customer Appreciation Specials?  Oh; because with a drink and tax; it would have been $6.61 as well.  LOL  Well that's one way to get your average customer ticket price up; just fixed the outcome.
Ordered the Del Rey.  While it was good; I wish I would have spent a little more time studying the menu because I would have ordered something different.But no would'a; should'a; could'as.  So what I ordered was ok; maybe even a little more than ok.  A few observations...- A really biiiiggggg sandwich that comes out of the kitchen reeeeaaaallllllyyyy hot.  Almost too big and too hot to eat.- The hot dogs (or whatever they were) seemed to be of sketchy provenance.  I pulled them off the sandwich.- The avocado/guacamole on the sandwich was very good.- The bread/roll doesn't hold up to the size and composition of the sandwich...I ended up eating with a knife and fork.  Not complaining...just commenting.
In the late 80's while in high school I would come here at night and hang out with a lot of 80's hair metal bands. A lot of hell raising went on; and no lawyers or doctors on hogs would venture in. Well the 80's hair metal scene is gone and those doc's and lawyers on hogs have ventured in. It is a tourist spot; biker spot; cowboy spot and everyone gets along. Everyone is welcomed. The green chili bacon cheese burger was probably one of the best burgers I have ever eaten. 3 large crispy perfect strips of bacon sat atop 3 nice size green chili strips and cheddar cheese that was melted to perfection. It was a rather larger hamburger patty that sat underneath. This was cooked to perfection as well. Ruffles chips come with the burgers. Also included in L;T;P&O. They only run between $7-9 bucks and well worth it. Be patient as all food is cooked to order and well worth the wait. Cook/order taker; even warned me. No big deal; grab a cold beer (cash only for that) and stroll around. Large communal tables outside to sit and enjoy your food. This place is just a no frills bar with great food. It is off the beaten path; a little tucked away however well worth the drive from any part of the valley.
BUYER BEWARE!!!!!!!!!!!! Don't sign up for any of the Orange Theory Fitness locations unless you're prepared to continue to pay when you want to terminate. They tell you they don't have contracts but then hit you for a full month when you try to leave. In my case; that was $139.After using them for a few months;  I developed a muscular problem that prevented me from continuing. When I told that to Darren; the store manager; he claimed he could not just waive their termination penalty due to policies that are set by their corporate headquarters. I called back to headquarters. They contradicted his story and told me each club can make any allowance they want. Here's the thing. When you start the service; it's energizing and you feel like you'll be attending for a while. However; as you go through the program several times; it becomes deathly boring and many people - medical condition or not - will find they want to terminate after a few months. That's when you get to deal with Darren. See the other poor review for more on him.I haven't done the crossfit training that's popping up everywhere but people I know who have done both crossfit and Orange Theory say crossfit is much better and cheaper too.  Oh; and they tell everyone that they're losing 1;000 calories per session because you keep burning calories for almost 20 hours after each session. I looked at all the info I could find about this online and the actual story is that you continue to burn a moderate amount of calories for about 40 minutes after the workout after which any enhanced burn rate falls off to almost nothing. Orange Theory claims the full 20 hours as though you're burning calories at something close to the rate you do while in the class. In my opinion; it's deceptive and they know it.Overall; before you sign up to their supposed no contract; meet Darren. He's the guy you'll be dealing with when you want to leave.
Excellent coffee shop. I'm a particular fan of the Caramel Mocha; as well as the fantastic breakfast burrito. Great ambiance; extremely friendly people; and always good music being played; whether it's live or recorded. Check out the open mic night on Thursdays and the various artists they feature on many Fridays. My favorite coffee shop in the area; bar none!
Yummy food...check out the ground beef kabob with half rice and half salad with a tomato; but the service is actually pretty rude...not sure why!
Great happy hour specials!!!! Love the crunchy spicy tuna roll....
I've been to about every pizza parlor in town and for me; Spinato's has the best pizza in town.    Nice thin crisp crust; a sweet sauce which i prefer; great tasting pepperoni; cold cold beer; and very friendly staff.
I have only ordered the pizza; both the chicago style deep dish (woah; I could only eat a piece and a half!) and the thin crust.  Each Rosatis in my experience is different.  I used to love the one in Gilbert; hated the one on Shea and and 116th area; and finally after a slew of late night dominos orders remembered to try this location in Arcadia.  I was not disappointed; they do a great job; and I love that they deliver late night which is usually just when a massive pizza craving strikes!
The Vig has a big comfy patio with soft couches; long tables and the occasional cat napping (what?). They have  heaters and an outdoor fireplace so its great regardless of the weather and your body temperature. If you are more into watching NFL Sunday  and staying away from nature; the indoors is small but fully equipped with flat screens showing the major games and scores. Although I only visited the Vig for brunch; I was pretty happy with their overall menu; food quality and service. The $5 Mimosa/Bloody Mary brunch special is pretty decent but some of their more signature; full-priced cocktails (like the van goh vodka with coffee and milk) definitely needs to kick it up a couple notches and stop skimping on the good ingredients (read:booze). At a table of 3; we ordered the hangover helper; shepherds pie and the tofu scramble- 3 very unique menu breakfast/brunch menu items that I was excited to try.The tofu scramble (pictured) comes in a burrito but to be honest; the best way to eat it is sans tortilla bread and topped with 2 sunny-side up eggs. The mixture of grilled firm tofu; sun-dried tomatoes; chilies and assorted veggies is surprisingly spicy and full of flavor. However; since it doesn't come with any cheese or sauce; the yolk from the eggs on top boost up the dish by a factor of 10 and make it an amazing hearty (yet healthy) meal. Too bad the eggs don't come with the dish (gotta ask for it extra). If the whole veggie/vegan/hippie roll ain't your thing; then the shepherds pie is probably the manliest breakfast you can get there. Giant piece of juicy steak and eggs sitting on a giant bed of potatoes; cheese; beans; corns and pretty much every ingredient in the kitchen. Its served on a giant skillet and will truly make you feel like a caveman eating for the next year. Props if you can finish eat; its a LOT of food. If that STILL seems too healthy for you; the hangover helper is another skillet drowning in baked tortilla; sauce and about 20lbs of melted cheese into one gooey dish. It tastes exactly like what you crave at 4am after doing too many jager-bombs in Old town. It comes with eggs; but instead it should comes with an additional 20lbs of hot sauce to accompany the cheese.Everything else really doesn't matter-  I mean; the service is decent; the crowd is good and the atmosphere is nice. I'd come back for the food in a heartbeat; maybe next time i'll snuggle up with the cat.
The Pop Culture Experience was fun for me. If I had to categorize this place; I think I'd call it an action figure museum more than anything else.  The price for entering the museum was very cheap (just a few bucks). When I was there I was shocked at the amount of toys I saw. The only reason I don't give this place five stars is because they had almost no Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles in their museum when I went to see it (hint; hint). The entry of the Museum has some action figures for sale and a rather decent selection of current age comics and packs. The only downfall i see to this place is that once you've paid to go in once; the hype is over. The replay value of the museum is limited as it does not have very good advertised changes for its exhibits.
This place has gone to pots since they have changed over to the new improved look they seem to get my orders wrong every time the food is cold and just doesn't taste like Mcdonalds food. The drive thru menu is hard to read since they changed the background to white and if you go at night prepare yourself for extremely rude employees and just over all bad service. I have been attending this location since humm I was born.. I had my birthday parties there in the 70's and 80's.. now its just not the same.. I really just have to say the food does not taste the same as it did before they changed it over to the new improved look. Although I love the look maybe its the coldness of the employees whom you can tell really don't want to work there but they have too. NEEDS EMPLOYEE Training there on how to be kind and smile
Go if you don't live in the desert. If you do; or have; skip it. $18 a person ....not really worth that many dollars.  You can go to the desert or look at your own front yard.
I order the Chicken Fried rice!  It is so tender and good!!  again it is the only thing I have ordered here!
Well stocked; they even let me stay after they had closed to finish shopping.
Went to Nello's for dinnr Fridays; we had always been there for lunch before.The staff is friendly and our server was very nice and patient...We ordered a pan pizza with sausage; pepperoni and jalapeños. It was very good (however; my husband said he didn't like it as much this time.) I kind of remember previous times the pizza had been different but I cannot describe how; it was closer to  like deep dish (we miss Pizzeria UNO); I do not know; maybe it had way more sauce.... anyway I still liked it.Our daughter ordered Chicken Parmigiana Sandwich and it looked really good. Very big and with lots of melted cheese.Well; we will definitely be back. Not sure how soon though because it is kind of far.
John Hill at Space Massage Studio is so gifted. He truly knows how the body works and why it stops working or hurts. I went to John with some pretty bad neck pain and he relieved it quickly and without it having to hurt while he did it.The studio is beautiful; easy to find and peaceful. John's manner is gentle and present. He is so unhurried and professional!All in all; this was an amazing experience. I also consider myself a bit of a massage perfectionist because I have had many in my life (one year I went on a weekly basis) and also because as a yoga instructor I understand body therapies and movement to a fairly good degree.John is truly a healer.
Come on! This place is ridiculous!I used to work at a country club right down the street and spent many an exhausted all-too-short break at the nearby Starbucks. I always thought Lamp's signage was cute and put it on my mental list of places to try.Last night we decided to try some place new for our *1**year**anniversary* (Aw; a year ago we went on our first date and he thought I hated him the whole time) and Lamp was it. The menu looked tasty...but nothing could prepare me for the ...CROSTINI. You must get this. You must. Toasty bread (next time I'll ask for a bit more char...I love grill marks on my bread! More flavah!) and onion/cheese-adorned flatbread wedges served along a trio of dips: Herbed Ricotta; White Bean/Roasted Red Pepper and (be still my heart) Rough Chop Pesto. The RCP was a flavor explosion of whole toasted pinenuts; fresh basil (in December? I like AZ); garlic; parm and magic. The herbed ricotta (It looked like a lil scoop of vanilla ice cream!) was a bit bland BUT; when combined with the RCP; it popped! The white bean/roasted red pep stood on it's own as well. This is one of my favorite appetizers of all time; hands down.But what about the main event; the pizza? Two words: HOLY SAUCE. Both our pies were red sauced (Need to try the white pizza next time!) and it was pretty much a religious experience for me. Sauce was lightly done; as to not overpower anything; but it was SO fresh and homemade tasting. The Grandma had red chiles; onion and provolone (to die) and The Simple was a margherita topped with MOUNDS of arugula and fresh parm shavings with a sprinkling of extra virgin. They were both EXCELLENT.Our server was sweet and kind of spastic; as we saw her run into about 3-4 tables; chairs; diners; etc. It was kind of funny. Lamp is absolutely a new go-to! I LOVE LAMP! (Several years late; really cool reference points for me)
Good food; good prices; good service.   What else to say; especially good for lunch.When they say hot they mean it; so be aware when specifying stars of hotness.
They have a decent selection but make sure to look at the expiration dates of the condoms you buy here. They frequently sell expired condoms. Or at least; condoms with incorrect expiration dates. I have better luck buying condoms at gas stations. Watch out.
We used my birthday pizza coupon tonight.  The pizza was sooooo good.  We also ordered a calzone.  I really do love this place.  It is fast becoming one of my favorite pizza places.
Most of the staff dig in the sides of your toe nails with the clippers which often gives me ingrown toe nails. The services often feel rushed; with the exception of gel glitter manicures which felt ridiculously slow and didn't last very long at all.
L8 night Bingo was fun! I hadn't played since.... I was in elementary school; lol; you know the kind they do at school functions? The staff was very informative and helpful. The late night atmosphere with live DJ made it even better! They even had people up doing the Cupid shuffle; haha. I will definitely go again!
Recently visited for our first time and wow; were we impressed! Fantastic food delivered with fantastic service.  I've been a fan of the Palm Steakhouse over the years and have been disappointed they haven't chosen to expand to AZ; but now I can get an equal or better meal here at Mastro's!  Can't wait to get back again.
We first had Osha when a co-worker ordered lunch for the office. I had a tofu soup and a Thai iced tea and husband ordered a curry. Everything was really good; so we decided to go there for lunch. The place is kind of hard to miss if you are driving by and the inside is really plain; but the service is fast and the food is great. I ordered the Pad Thai (mild with tofu) and a Thai Iced Coffee. The husband ordered their Cashew Chicken (medium). Both were delicious! My tofu was tender and the spice level was just right. (Glad I didn't order medium; husband's food was spicy!) The ice coffee was delicious as well. One of the better ones I've had in the valley. Overall; we love coming here and will definitely be back again!
I LOVE IT! I am happy with this place. the food is good the drinks are cold and the entertainment is solid.The only reason its does not get a 5th star is the WIFI is horrible.
Never been here...but I bought a gift card over the phone. SUPER friendly and SUPER helpful! Nice to find such a friendly business:)
None of our rooms were ready when we arrived; the staff was INCREDIBLY rude. Our room smelled like chemical and the windows can't be opened. We came here for a wedding and not one person in the party was impressed. It's a shame that such a beautiful hotel is so horribly run. I would rather stay in a motel.
I was here for a work event that lasted for a few days.  The staff and facilities at this place are amazing.  They are extremely attentive and the resort is picturesque.  There's a strip mall across the street from the resort but as a first timer in the resort it was a bit confusing to get off the property to see where the strip mall was located (even with directions from the staff).  Once I figured it out; it was really easy and each subsequent time that I needed to head out to the strip mall I wondered why this seemed challenging!Great place overall and I'm sure if you were going for personal (rather than professional) reasons it would be even better!
Finally! I've been looking for years for tamales THIS GOOD! Los Dos Amigos tamales are definitely as good as home made. Such a fun addition to our Christmas celebrations. Wish we could say more than mere thanks!
Always an amazing meal; this is why I'm a regular here.  Each dish full of flavor and cooked perfectly.
If I were one of those reviewers who had to give you a bunch of background about myself; why my review should carry more weight than others due to some kind of arbitrary expertise; and how I came to visit the establishment that time; I would tell you that I only recently moved to the area and; after trying Pho Tahn less than a couple months ago; I've been on a pho kick and that; while I don't know good pho; I do know what I like. My expertise; then; comes from a history of enjoying big cauldrons of soups/stews when temperatures drop below 80 and; oftentimes; enjoying menudo to fend off hangovers (those my last menudo bowl for such necessity was years ago; thank goodness). By virtue of trying to visit Pho Tahn on it's day off; I tried Da Vang and; frankly; was pleased enough to continue you going there. Alas; Friday night I was running late and it wasn't going to be feasible for us to make Da Vang before they closed and; after a phone call to Pho Tahn revealed that they are closed for unexplained reasons until the middle of December; I decided to try my luck even deeper into the avenues and try Maxim with it's liberal 8:45p closing time. After missing the restaurant on our first shot (it doesn't really face 19th Ave; the strip mall faces north so it's tough to see if you are coming from Osborne); we parked and entered. As others have noted; the place is extremely clean which was a pleasant surprise and the server was very nice; pointing out; for example; if whitey orders any dishes with tripe/tendon. The food is good and the dishes at the tables around us; who had not ordered pho; looked very good. In short; I'd say it's a toss up between Maxim and Da Vang -- and that's a good thing. Both are 5-star Pho places and that is good enough for me.
The wegde salad is wonderfully blue cheesy and always enjoy the entrees.  Also love there sorbets.
I called Palmer asking for help for my basket. And about returning a bell he sold me that is useless when riding along Central Ave during rush hour (as no one could hear it and no one got out of my way). Conveniently; when I purchased my bell; his printer wasn't working so I don't have my receipt.Back to the basket issue. When I put my bag in it; it blocks my light from being seen. I told him Slippery Pig showed me the Thunder Bolt light--retailing $45; which can be attached to the front of my basket as a solution.I asked if I could exchange the bell for the light (and; of course; pay the difference). He's never heard of the Thunder Bolt. He said he'd purchase it and follow up--what seemed like honoring the idea of an exchange. He never has followed up--some 6 weeks later.I took my bike and money elsewhere. Which is unfortunate; I really wanted to work something out.
Well like Bad.L said there is crappy service and they always get my order wrong (BBQ chicken pizza) and I told her if i can get another one but she refused and we left and went to arribas mexican grill (great food)!!
We stopped in recently for a late evening dinner; on the recommendation of a colleague.  Thank you; Tim; we loved it!  The food was fresh and delicious; the staff were friendly and accommodating.  I left wishing I lived nearby and not 6 hours away in San Diego.  My final wrd on Saigon Kitchen is Yummmm.....!
A friend had a Groupon for this place and asked if I'd like to go with.  I hadn't been here before and; always willing to try a new place; I said sure.I'm being a little generous with the stars as I don't think I'd return to Finnegans; but this isn't really my type of place. It's definitely more bar than restaurant and I suppose it's just fine for drinkin'.  The big turn-off was our choice of seats; straight line to the smoking patio so the stench of stale cigarettes wafted by every few minutes.  Not their fault but still not very pleasing.The food was decent; but again nothing I'd really run back for.  The fish and chips came with one gigantic piece of cod which was different and the mussels were also a little different-almost like mussel noodle soup.
This is really a 4.5 review!Our first time for breakfast here and it was pretty great. Friendly welcome; fast friendly service. Food was just right; way above the quality offered at your average chain like Dennys etc. My only gripe was the hash browns weren't quite as cooked as I would have liked but that's really a small complaint. Great breakfast spot ... We will be back!
The best groomers in the Scottsdale and Phoenix area.  I have been searching high and low for a groomer that makes my baby look as cute and beautiful and my groomer in Laguna Beach.  I finally found them!  Christopher and Brian are amazing owners!  The place has so much character.  Jessica grooms my Sachi and she is excellent!  Love; love; love!
best prices for very good quality food. love the curry with the french fries
I love all of Johnny's restaurants and this one is no different.  Johnny did a great job of turning this space into a cool atmosphere with great knowledgeable wait staff and phenomenal food!  The atmosphere is clean; modern and hip with under bar lighting; sleek clean furniture and a modern feel.  The wait staff is very helpful and accommodating on everything from drinks to food to dessert.  We had the truffle edamame - mmmm; finger licking good!  The sochu tofu was very good with both the pineapple ginger and the sesame sauces.  The ginger mint duck salad was good but had too many competing flavors.  I had a peach martini drink that was the special of the evening and it was strong and oh so good!  If I hadn't been driving; I would have had three!!!  They have lots of fun events like Happy Hours; Tapas tastings; DJs and bands.  Definitely a great place and I will be back again.
Super pretentious. Not worth the wait.
Cloud 9 installed my front yard landscaping at my new home. The owner is a great guy to work with and his employees are very respectful and hard working. They got the job done in a timely manor and I could not be happier with the outcome. I will be calling them again when it is time for my back yard.
It's the second time I've been here and I'm thinking it will become a tradition.  My favorite part is the spa.  Even without a treatment; I could just hang out there all day.  Love the tea room; the japanese soaking tub; the wet sauna; the outdoor pool; hot tub and the labyrinth (even though it's a little oddball that it's made out of bricks).  The staff is great; drove us around in the golf carts; very polite and obviously well trained.  Rooms are very cute; cozy beds and love the robes.  The restaurants are over priced as expected but quite solid.  We did have a really delicious dinner and they were super accommodating with my food issues.  Breakfast at the spa was also yummy; loved the fresh apple juice.  One week here with a ton of spa treatments is on my bucket list.  Until then; spending a bit of time at The Boulders was lovely.
Took the family here for breakfast. The exterior was unassuming and did not prepare us for how delicious the food inside would be. The croissants and pastries were particularly delicious and complemented the meal really well. Everything was fresh and the service by the owner was very attentive and welcoming (not the French stereotype). The only downside was it took a bit longer to get an extra cup of coffee as he had to brew a new batch. The upside was even the coffee was good.The entire family enjoyed their breakfast and we would return without hesitation.
Ate here for the first time tonight; excellent food and beers!  I got the turkey burger; it was really good and their fries are amazing!  I will definitely be going back!  Oh; and I had a sip of someone's vanilla shake; if you like shakes these were pretty amazing too!
Umm; This place is off the hook like a telephone.I went right before with Jayme; we got a charcuterie (spelling?); she got the porkwich with kale salad; I got the BLT crab cake sandwich with mac and cheese... I love my cheese; and this was from what I could taste; several 'spensive ones. I definitely will be back for Churn...  But just one question I forgot to ask the server. Where do you get your bacon?
This place is the best. They do not up sell. They have affordable pet care and they are honest. I have referred all my friends and family who have been just as happy with their service and prices. Highly recommend. You won't be sorry.
This was a travesty in every way. HORRIBLE service AND food. The chicken teriyaki was totally bland and watery. Chicken was chewy and lacked any quality. The beef special lacked ANY flavor. Brown rice is an extra charge and is terrible. Worst experience ever!
It is nothing fantastic. I mean; I wouldn't come out here from Chandler or Peoria to eat here or anything; but if you're hungry; food is food. And that basically summarizes our experience.I felt the waitstaff was a tad inattentive. It took awhile to get our questions answered and when I said I was vegetarian who doesn't like to eat eggs; there were no creative options or alternatives. How about French Toast? Uh; okay? The french toast doesn't come with anything... three slices of bread... $10.I asked for carrot juice cold; not cooled. They messed up something at the table next to us; resulting in them having to put something on the house... they carry alcoholic beverages; which again; seems odd. Including a $125 bottle of wine?Anyway... what left a pretty stale taste in my mouth was the fact they closed early. Perhaps this wouldn't have bothered me so much if it was clearly stated on the website may close early but I checked. They closed a whole hour early as a matter of fact. Which didn't make sense after asking the waiter why... he said we do depending on business... but wait? There are at least 25 customers in the restaurant.... I'm confused. I know; it doesn't take much.It also frustrated me that the waiter had no creative options other than what was listed on their menu for someone who is a vegetarian. Even Denny's can think of something.
I strongly recommend the Tom Ka Gai soup
The vibe of Garage is awesome...high ceilings; exposed brick; dark furniture; and an awesome fireplace. I went there last weekend for a little Sunday Funday mimosa action and wasn't disappointed. The crowd was minimal and our server was attentive. I went New Year's Eve with some friends for a few before our next destination and Casey was awesome! Made the best dirty martini and was super friendly. Garage; I'm determined to give you 5 starts but alas; I can only give you 4 based on the fact that I haven't tried your food yet! Don't you worry; though; I'll be back soon enough.
I love this place! Most people either love or hate this place but I have been coming to their establishments in 3 different states for about 15 years. Their food is amazing; and more times that not the service is fine. I have had instances where I have to remind a server to be more attentive and have only had to send food back once or twice. I highly recommend their pork tenderloin- be careful; its spicy. Their papas are rich and wonderful; and their fajitas are pretty decent. I do not care for their seafood; but I do enjoy their poblano stuffed chicken breasts. Their shredded beef enchiladas are wonderful. I do notice reviews where people simply do not like Abuelo's food- and that's ok; to each his own; it is CERTAINLY a different taste that 99% of well established chains and  mom-and-pop restaurants nationwide. I; personally base all mexican food off of this restaurant; and nothing else really measures up. This restaurant is in a league of its own. I hope you have a good experience with quality-- PLEASE tell a manager if you dont- these chains really want to give you a wonderful experience; but they cant get better unless you tell them of downfalls. Most often when I have complained and explained my loyalty over the years and what I have come to expect; I will usually be given a new order or a free meal.
I just wouldn't touch their food or drinks; just to be safe.
I must confess I have no children and I am a super fan of Zoo Lights. My husband and I try to make it every year. I love the dancing light show on the lake with all the trees adding to the performance. I also love the monkeys in the trees at the entrance.  For those without kids I recommend going on a week night after 8.
Overall a very good place!  Nice ambience; good food quality; friendly service.  The owners/managers I believed trained under Tom Hennessy of the Il Vicino and Colorado Boy brewery fame and the quality shows!  Their Pale is very; very tasty but don't construe this as that their other beers aren't also very good because they are.  We had pizzas and were impressed with interesting recipes and proper portioning of ingredients.  Our three kids aged 6-10 were along and made to feel welcome.  This is the neighborhood friendly place you are looking for when you've had enough of the overly plastic feel of Scottsdale!  Bravo and Cheers!
I liked this place; the food was good and different. My beer was up to par and the happy hour was nice. The problem was that the place was a bit sterile; not inviting. I think they need to add some color to the atmosphere. Also it was a bit of an old crowd for me; but I am in my 20's.
The food was excellent; the Martinis were to die for and the service was excellent. Plus Happy Hour prices made it a perfect choice
This place was absolutely delicious. Doesn't look like much on the surface; but my party had a variety of dishes and nothing was less than stellar. The sopes are the best I've ever had; and the corn quesadillas were crispy and perfect.
I live an exit away I can't believe I'm just now coming here after 4months. Food was delicious; nothing fancy or pretty just tastes great. Raymundo was our server and he was so nice! All the waiters and waitresses seemed friendly and close as they joked with one another and working quickly but very well together. Customer Service is more than half of the reason I keep coming back to places. You either got it or you don't and this place has it!
Big fan of their salsa.  The Pollo Diablito is my favorite here.
What a horrible experience- I will NEVER go back.- The receptionist spoiled the whole experience with her bad attitude.- I booked a wash and blow out but they never did either (or a head massage for that matter); just started styling. - When I went to leave; they tried to charge me $45 saying that I had pins in my hair.- The receptionist was nasty about it and argued with me. When I asked for a manager; she went to another stylist and they debated; pointed; huffed; and watched me WHILE the stylist was doing someones hair. They did agree to honor the price but I got a lecture in the process.- The WORST PART. The stylist left the curling iron on for too long and has COMPLETELY DESTROYED my hair. It's been over a week now; I've washed it several times and I've gone to the person I normally go to (and trust completely) and she said there is nothing I can do. The damage is permanent and I can't do anything but wait for it to grow out (my hair is long so it will be a while). My hair feels awful every time I touch it (and I do it a lot because it is driving me crazy). I'm doing special protein washes; stopped using curling irons; and washing less... it's going to be a long road.I've gone to Montalucia and it was fantastic; same price; fun; served champagne; and very friendly.
I'm all about the free chips and salsa. The chips are warm and light but really filling that I could only eat a little bit of my entree. The venue is really big! You could throw a party here. I loved their xmas tree so pretty!! My friend had a burrito really generous portions and I had a tortilla salad. Both were good  but nothing amazing. Great value and great portions for value. I used a groupon and I would be back :)
What a deal on Groupon ... $6 (used to be $5; but still) for a primetime movie ticket and a soda.  I plan on coming back here time and time again.  Great; comfortable seats; and good food; too.  What a cool luxury to be able to order food from your seat.  The only improvements they could make are to have the servers down lower when they come in the middle of the movie; and to make the lights a little less bright so they aren't distracting during the movie.
I received flowers today from my best friend for my birthday. She ordered them through FTD and they were delivered by Flowers 2005. I sent a photo of the arrangement with a thank you text to my friend and she called me immediately letting me know that was not what she order. The arrangment consisted of 6 gerber daisys; it looked like a $5 bunch of flowers from Trader Joes with extra greenery. An embarrassing situation for us both; glad we are such great friends. Unfortunately; being new to town and knowing that this is what I can expect from Flowers 2005 I will never order flowers from them.
It is too bad that a bad service experience can ruin an entire experience. 50 minutes to get a breakfast sandwich....eggs bacon and ham. Not sure what could possibly take that long. Add cold coffee; a cracked water glass leaving us with a bad experience. The food is great so it's just sad that the owners still have not figured out that service is equally as important as good food. In looking at other reviews I see that we are not alone in our experience.Update on my review: received a message from Brent the general manager acknowledging my review and not making any excuses but inviting mr back. His response alone is enough for me to go back when he is there. Hey we can all have an off day and his not making excuses shows me that he cares and since I love the food I will go back to what I know will be the dining experience to be at the Grind.
Great place for lunch; friendly service and tasty food.
I don't really like meat. In fact; I eat meat so rarely that I'm practically a vegetarian. And on the rare occasion that I do go carnivorous; I tend to prefer chicken. Well; I am here to inform you that I tried Fuego's pork dish; their signature pernil asado; and it was so very delicious. I'm talking moist; tender; pork with some seriously heavenly flavor. So yeah; Fuego has that going for them. They also have good service and a cute little patio. But this restaurant is in the weirdest location and I've never seen it busy. In fact; on all three of my visits; the place was practically empty. I also am not super interested in the majority of their menu options. They do have some tasty drinks; but their menu is lacking basic options for those of us that aren't quite up to par in the foodie world. Anyway; if you're looking for something a little different with a delicious pork option; then this is your spot. Try a mojito and have some fun.
My first ballgame!!! Saw the D-backs play the Cubs.
Location always plays a role in how a place is perceived; but I think that's particularly true for Dukes. This is about the closest bar to my parents house in south Scottsdale; so I've started coming here more and more when I come to visit. It's located in a random strip mall in a fairly residential area so it's not a place that people are gonna necessarily seek out. That being said; I think if Dukes were located someplace differently (even if it were still in a strip mall) it might be thought of a LITTLE more highly.I mean; it's big. There's a TON of TV's (they even have them in the bathrooms). The drinks are cheap (especially the happy hour specials; which I believe actually run pretty late). The have pool tables; darts; and I think even a few arcade games. There's a patio. In my experiences; it's clean for the most part. They have a LARGE food menu. To be honest; I've only tasted things here and there when others have ordered stuff; and although it's not great; it's not bad; and like the drinks the food is affordable (I believe they offer a different deal each day). They also offer some sort free car service for those who can't drive home (I believe within 5 miles). The friend I usually come here with lives within walking distance; but we've taken advantage of it before. And like I said; the strip mall where's Dukes is located is in a highly residential area so I'm sure there's a lot of people who can take advantage of this service.The only complaint I have about Dukes is I have encountered more than one bitchy/slow server. I've never been here when it's that crowded though; so it's generally not been a big deal (might be a different story when this place is packed).
I'm glad I ran into this place; I love the no nonsense approach to chiropractic here. I am already a fan of chiropractic; but have no real back; nerve; or spine issues of note; however; sometimes you just need to get adjusted to keep everything in alignment. Their monthly subscription is perfect for people who want to commit to a monthly arrangement; you can also pay per visit or you can pre-purchase 'X' number of visits for discounted rates.I woke up with a pinched nerve one day recently; I visited on my lunch break and the immediate pain was taken care; followed up with an adjustment two days later and today I'm back to my normal self!Happy Yelping Phoenix!
Wow this place is first class.   who would think a Dentist in a shopping center ; next to a Big Lots and Home Goods would be great...   till you go there and it is.    WOW Clean; Bright. New. MODERN!!!!   wow what a concept.    Dr. Mitchell is great and easy on the eyes as well.    If you looking for a knowledgable staff; fun office with a great waiting rooms;  ipads to check in;   cute staff;  the dental hygenist is also very nice to look at.    but your if your married or whatever you can look at the TVs in your room ; while your in the middle of getting a root canal or cavity filled while your charming doctor takes great care of you.     I could watch ESPN or Fox News all I wanted... even stayed extra till my program was done.  Who does that at a Dental Office. I would take all my kids here is I had any cause they would love to watch the Disney Channel while getting their teeth clean.    A+++++ask for Bianei  - forget her name till I look below  she will rock your world - take the best care of you !!!!
Was amazing food and great atmosphere! The Del Mar Salad and Chicken Mole are soo tasty!
Came here expecting the worse just based on the average reviews for this place on yelp. And I have to say; I was pleasantly surprised. The staff were super helpful in recommending alternate beers and they even give you samples to make sure you'll like something. Even on a busy night; the staff still made it to our table and had time to talk and recommend beers and even do samples :) And for the friends at our table that didn't want to wait; which wasn't too long; just went to the bar and got service there fine. Some nights are louder than others; depending on the amount of people and if there's a band; but every time I go back; the level of service hasn't changed and I always find more and more yummy beers. And I have to say; that some of the beers they offer here just don't taste the same at other places where they offer the same beer. I really like this place. And it's becoming one of the places that I like to go on a regular. I so need to go back and get like a service industry card!
Hurry in and try this Ginger Cinnamon Latte!! I added carmel sauce and soy milk over ice in their large; a whopping 32oz size; Delish!! The flavor combination was amazing! I would drive out of my way any day for this place. Tucked behind Fox and Hound Pub & Grill this coffee shop is small; but warm and inviting. The staff was very helpful and friendly; my barista even asked me to try this unusual concoction; upon pickup; to make sure I liked it. I was in love! I may have found my new coffee stop. Comparable to *bucks pricing but has a much truer taste without the burnt espresso taste = worth it! They also have a convenient drive up window. (Yay! now I can pickup this coffee goodness in my pjs!)
The Rhythm Room is one of the few places in Phoenix where you can listen to real blues. The bands are very good and they have national touring bands. Bands play on an elevated stage and the sound system is very good. It's not just blues either -- many varieties of music is featured.The cover charges are often too high -- even sometimes for local bands. They have craft beers on tap that are reasonably priced. I like the floor layout but narrow walkways cause traffic wrecks. The railing with the bar stools that divides the room is very cool. It's homey and divey and the best thing is that you can sit near the band.It doesn't seem that maintenance is done very often Restrooms are dirty and the tables and chairs are shoddy.The dance floor is pitiful. It's a parkay wood floor that is usually dirty and often damp with beer. It's too small to accommodate more than about 3 swing dancers at a time but that's no big deal because it's rare to meet somebody at the RR that does anything besides wiggling in place. Given that the stand-alone building that houses the RR is small it would be impossible to improve the dance situation without building an extension. Despite the negatives I love the Rhythm Room; but I don't go there very often. Dancing is important for me and I hate high door charges -- especially when I don't know anything about the band that is playing.
Had the steak and cheese; it was ok; not worth the money.Staff was very friendly; place was clean but the food was mediocre.
My reasoning for checking out Rocket Burger is kind of weird but I'm glad it got me through the door.  One of my friends from Ohio always talks about Faygo soda and when I saw that in one of the pictures for Rocket Burger I knew I had to go for that and then after seeing all the great reviews I was excited about the food too.Had a little trouble trying to find it at first so for everyone trying to find it for the first time; it's on the South West corner of Cactus and 35th Ave.  You probably won't see it from the street but there's a Church's Chicken right in front of it so just pull into that parking lot and Rocket Burger is right behind it.I got the Single Bacon Cheeseburger with fries and a Faygo soda (of course!).  The guy at the counter was nice and polite but not overly friendly.  The food came out very quickly; probably under 5 minutes and it was nice and hot.  The burger was good; they really stack it with the toppings too and you can tell they're quality.  No soggy veggies and limp bacon here.  I loved the fries too!  They're shoestring and they're coated with some kind of seasoning salt that gives them a great flavor.  So glad that my quest for soda helped me discover a great burger place too!
This was xmas day and not much else was open.  The place wasn't very full so I got coffee pretty fast.  It was only a third of a pot and luke warm.  I initially had one waitress who got me the coffee and told me another waitress would be serving me.  She never showed up and the first waitress finally took my order.  I got the five cheese omlet; and it was ok.  I never was asked if I wanted another pot of coffee.  But it was xmas so..............
We were looking for a decent Mexican restaurant to take out of town company to; near old town Scottsdale. This is New Mexican food rather than Mexican - but it was a perfect choice.We made a reservation for 7:30 on a Friday night; and I would recommend doing that  as we still had to wait a few minutes before a table was free. It was a cold night; so we chose to sit inside; but we plan to return and sit outside on a warmer evening. There were plenty of people seated outside; under the propane heaters; even with outside temperatures in the 50s.We all ordered a house specialty; designated by a little bat on the menu (the cave/cavern theme is way overdone - but very charming nonetheless). We were all very happy with our food. I had the carne adovada that other yelpers have raved about and it was everything they promised. The portion size is very generous; so we had the leftovers for lunch today. Our dinner bill was $65 for 4 full sized dinners - very reasonable for the quality and quantity of food. The reason for the 4 star review is that we bought drinks in the bar while we were waiting for our table; and I was surprised by the cost of the margaritas. They were $9 each; and in a standard sized glass; that the bartender didn't even bother to fill to the top. He mixed them fresh for us; so that must be why it came up short; but for almost $20 for 2; he could have made a bit more. Our waiter was great; too. I asked if the adovada was spicy and while he assured me it was not; he also offered to bring me a sample. I took him up on it.
Great little store with everything we needed! Check out was a little slow; but very well organized store overall.
Live here with my boyfriend and we love it!!! Its the best price for the area; they gave us a student discount;  and we're 5 min away from old town and Tempe marketplace which is so nice! Maintenance isnt the best; but they did come and respond to our work order in a timely manner. The gate doesn't close and I doubt it even works; but it still feels nice to be in a community setting.Overall we enjoy living here at scottsdale springs and love our experience so far.
who could ever rate this less than 5 stars????
I recently held an event for 250 in the Grand Ballroom. The staff from start to finish went beyond the call of duty. The tables were set before the time expected. Which is always nice when your the event planner and your worried whether things are being taken care of. We went with a plated meal and the food was served hot and presented well. Everything with the valet went very smooth. We had several A/V needs. Swank Audio Visuals hit a home run! Ashley; Dirk; and and Paul know there trade and bring a wonderful level of customer service.
Haven't been back here in years; but the food is still great quality. First off; join the eclub and you automatically get a free order of lettuce wraps. Great dish with marinated white chicken and rice sticks and an array of sauces. Saved 8 bucks on that order. We ate at the bar on New Years day and luckily the lunch specials stretch out to 4pm every day. One order was shrimp potstickers with whole pieces of shrimp inside. They don't let you order the Dim sum special pan-fried; so steamed is your only choice. Crispier is always better. My dish was Ginger chicken with broccoli; but this was chang's upscale style and I found cherry tomatoes and red onions along with a subtle ginger; garlic sauce. The fried rice on the side was a buck extra and probably not worth it; but the hot and sour soup was one of the better versions i have had over the years. Brittany at the bar was very nice and helpful as the bar got crowded close to her shift end and she even made sure to figure out what was the delay in our mains without me having to ask. Things got resolved and this was a great lunch to start the new year.
Service was as good as could be expected.  Atmosphere was very nice with elegant lighting and smooth jazz playing or Spanish guitar; thus the Fusion.  Food portions were generous and presented nicely.  Will definitly frequent this place.  Thank you!  Steven
We have shopped and bought tires at various Discount Tires over the years; including this one.  The service is great and they are more than willing to work with you in finding the right tire for your car. Recently; we needed two Michelin MXV4s for one of our cars. We shopped online at DiscountTire.com and found the tires we wanted.  Priced it out; paid; reserved the tires for this location and just came in to have them mounted & balanced.  Nice!  In the end; it saved us $65 over their previous quote. Also; nice!
I don't know how it is that I've lived in this area for as long as I have and haven't been to Dick's until last Sunday but I'm glad I finally made that choice.My friend & I went to have brunch as amazingly enough; there was no wait. I guess we were the lucky two that day for it was 11:00 am. Tiny bar area but I was a fan...it was cozy. We started with the Bloody Marys which were really yummy. We split the breakfast burrito with chorizo; potatoes; and beans...delicious! Perfect amount to be split.Our server was friendly and attentive and service was quick. All in all; a solid experience!
This place is just amazing.  The owners know their stuff and provide such a personal touch to your drink.  The beans are roasted and bagged there.  You can literally buy a bag of beans that was roasted that day.  This was such a perfect addition to the Queen Creek Olive Mill experience.  I can only think of one other coffee place in Arizona that can compete with their espresso drinks.
An old; er; long time; friend and I had dinner here on New Year's Eve; and the experience was top notch. We arrived ~15 minutes prior to our 6:30 reservation and were seated promptly. Interaction with the waitstaff was positive - nicely attentive without being intrusive (kudos to Spencer...). The bus dude; whose name I neglected to catch; was terrific about filling water glasses and clearing dishes in a very timely fashion. The food was stellar; from the gnocchi with sautéed asparagus and cherry tomatoes appetizer to the sea bass cioppino over angel hair pasta (mine) and the chicken breast with spinach/mozzarella in a cognac cream sauce (hers). Good stuff? Oh; yes...We opted out of dessert; but to our surprise they apparently offer the 'drinking guests' a flaming Sambuca; gratis. Nice touch. When trying a place for the first time; you pays yer money and takes yer chances. Tutti Santi was absolutely worth it.
This is now an Indian restaurant serving decent fare. The price for buffet is $11 pp. the buffet spread had a few of Indian vegetarian dishes and a couple of chicken and meat dishes.Taste: good; freshVariety: Its ok.Have seen better for the price; esp vegetarian dishes
Last night while eating dinner; I bit my fork hard enough to break off a small piece of my front tooth!  I was in a panic because I'm new to this area of Phoenix and don't have a dentist... much less one I could call to get this fixed ASAP!  I asked a friend for a referral and she gave me the name and phone number for Dr. Joe Harris. I dropped by their office unannounced this morning hoping they could help.  The office staff was wonderful and Dr. Harris fit me in!  In just a few minutes; I was on my way with a beautifully fixed tooth.  I was pleasantly surprised with how the cost was handled as I don't have insurance.  This is the first time I've ever said that I'm excited about a dentist.  Thank you Dr. Harris!!  I look forward to seeing you all soon for regular dental care.
A single sampling of the Almond Concha proved to be light and airy on the interior with eggy notes and a bit of butter beneath a crackling sugar topping.  Definitely something different and definitely delicious despite not tasting much like almond I have to say this item gave me hope for Mexican pastry in general - definitely a place to consider the next time I head down Indian School Road.
Don't go here unless you wanna be sick. The food sucks. Tastes like bargain basement mexican food.
I was an out of town buyer and Brian represented me for over 2 years on my home search (6/2010-5/2012).  He has a commanding grasp of the Phoenix metro; very skillful and is very well connected to get deals done.  Moreover; He never gave my wife and I 'hard sell' tactics and always gave us the necessary space to make our own decisions.  Additionally; Brian worked very well with our mortgage broker and our closing went seamlessly.  Brian Flatley is a dedicated and true professional who we highly recommend.
Another great Gel nail experience!!  See Jenny for excellent service!
This place has major potential!  As is; it's pretty much friendly super suck.Adorable husband and wife team bickering in a foreign language? CHECK.Clean facilities and warm owners/employees. CHECK. All personal recipes and made-from-scratch items? CHECK. But..crazy interior; weak following of menu; long wait time due to every.single.item being made from scratch while you wait (except bread; of course) and gallons of mayo on sandwiches? Check; check; check and check. The poor folks I bought sandwiches for actually threw them away because they were so incredibly drenched and overpowered by the mayo.  Tried a second time; ordering something slightly different; and still nothing special.  Not sure why Yelpers are lovin' on this place; but I wholeheartedly disagree.
I loved hiking here. It is getting a little more crowded but is still very dog friendly. Parking off Coral Gables is a good idea. Lots of fun little trails to choose from but prepare for possible mishaps. Fun to boulder. The shortest trail is only 1.1 miles but there are plenty of opportunities to add on.
Don't bother; had breakfast here just last week.  Worst food i have ever had.  They get one star for the hot chocolate.  Ordered the two egg breakfast; pretty standard fare; but ordered my eggs over medium; they where served way undercooked; when i picked up a piece of egg with my fork you could see the uncooked slime hanging off the fork.  The potatoes with the dish where also undercooked and hard. I did tell the waiter and the person busing tables.  How can this place have such glowing reviews? I would rather eat at the Good Egg.
Great food! Great service!
With my mother visiting for an extended period of time she decided to shop for a new outfit to hit a nice restaurant for her birthday celebration.  The sales associate was very kind; knowledgable and helpful.  She took time and was personable and attentive which made our mother feel special.
I am fairly new to the Gilbert area; having moved out here from Boston a little over a year ago.  found my way around and found AJ's.  I have always been a consumer of finer foods; especially during the Holidays; and this store more than exceeds my expectations.  Especially since they stock my favorite German wine.  Whenever I am preparing for a special dinner;  or occasion it AJ's for me.  I love the quality.  Their cakes cannot be beat.  I am the favorite of the office birthday celebrations.
Amazing high end deli/restaurant in Queen Creek!  A little pricey but very good food.  This well worth the money and a nice treat!
They was good when I first went. I even brought them another client then another person I recommended had a horrible experience with Jenny. She was not satisfied and was told to come back. Well when she came back the man (owner?) refused to redo her nails then Rosie was upset and yelling in the people that I recommended face. Very rude and would not recommend! Poor customer service! At a salon you should feel like a queen...Don't bother giving these people your business!!
This review is for the bar;beer & service only. I WANTED to like this place; I really did. A co-worker and I stopped by here after work the other night. First off; I felt like I was a huge incovnenience ordering a beer from the bartender. She was busy; but not I am entitled to be a total b**ch because I am off the charts busy. We finished one beer and she took away our glasses. Uhhh; how about asking if we want another one? She came back 5 mins later and then asked. Weird....Decent beer selection. You can smoke on the patio and the smell drifted inside which to me; a non-smoker; was off-putting.Will try this place again to see what the pizza is like as I'm all for second chances. Maybe the bartender was just having an off night.
LOVE the Crazy Cranberry!  The shop is always clean and I'm greeted with a smile.  Someday I intend to try another flavor; but for now it's Crazy Cranberry all the way.
What a joke. My wife and I saw Brian Setzer here on December 18th. I have seen Setzer countless times and this venue was hands down the WORST ever. To begin with; they misrepresented the stage layout. I bought two orchestra pit front row tickets. When we arrived we learned the stage rotates so we got to stare at the back of his head most of the show. Next came the awful annoying dancers...people from the audience that had bad seats that decided to march themselves down to the front to stand right in front of the first row seats and completely obstruct our view. Security? Try fat overgrown meatheads...let me elaborate...when my wife politely asked the people dancing (more like drunk stumblers) to move so she could see the show; one of the smart asses turns around and says smile to my wife and snaps her picture! Really? Not to mention it's clearly marked no cameras. What did security do? Nothing besides tell US to stop making trouble. Wow! unbelievable! This venue is awful. I will NEVER return here; horrible overpriced joke of a venue. I will see setzer again because he's an amazing guitar player; but never will I see him here. Save yourself the trouble and check this venue off your list stat...more like a junior high musical venue at best
Best cheesesteaks in the valley! Closest to Philly I've found!
huge open space; looks like it was a dance hall.very helpful staff.very wide variety of foodnot much open on christmas day.  they need some better lighting to show they are open.sushi; sherbert; grill; several soups. very nicea bit more expensive than the usual at $10.99 for dinner
Took my car here for its regular oil change in September of 2012. Just one thousand miles earlier in May I had my transmission flushed at the Thomas Road location in Phoenix. After the oil change; the manager came out and told me that I needed a transmission flush. I was a bit puzzled and told him I had just had it changed and he questioned whether or not I was familiar with how flushes are performed and if I was sure it was a transmission flush I had done just months prior. I answered yes and he explained that I must have a faulty transmission. I was irritated and asked if anything else was wrong before leaving a bit upset. He told me everything else looked fine so off I went. I left town for several weeks and the car barely had any miles put on. A month ago I was driving and the timing belt snapped in half as well as my power steering belt. My good friend who is a mechanic (oil changes and flushes aren't worth his time) told me my belt had been tampered with; most likely someone had taken a Dremel blade to make tiny incisions to my belts as they split diagonally- which does not happen to belts (supposedly this happens quite a bit; but hard to prove). Also; he told me my transmission fluid was likely never replaced either. Now I'm not accusing this shop of the tampering of my belts (I dont have sufficient proof). I do place blame on transmission flush though- I called the Thomas shop and they refused to even look at the car. I find it very odd that just after 200 miles since my car was at this shop my car has suffered severe engine damage. Consumer beware!
A great New Year event.  I enjoyed the drinks; outdoor environment; and the all you can eat food.  Yes that's right the kitchen staff brought out wings; chicken kabobs; and sliders.  Plenty of grub to enjoy during the rooftop celebration of the New Year.I am glad they had plenty of heaters since it was in the 30/40 degree range; which is cold for the majority of us.  With the 3rd floor open roof; the heaters became gathering spots for me and other cold guests.   Plenty of security and no rift raft was noted during the event.  The four of us had a good time.  Plenty of people; friendly at that and I personally had enough liquor in one night.  The fake snow was an interesting part of the New Year celebration.  The snow poured out as the New Year began.  I also noted great music; DJ was great with plenty of uplifting music.  Created plenty of energy in the crowd of people.  If I were to decide on a place to go for 2014 it will be hard not to go back to the Lustre Bar for New Years.
I recently moved to the Valley and was excited to spend my first Christmas with friends and flip flops. For lunch; we went to Jasmine Tokyo. It. Was. Awesome! They had a wide range of sushi and a nice selection on the buffet. It was overpriced; but it was Christmas. We left there to meet our friend Jim for snacks and cocktails. He wanted to do an early dinner.He made reservations here. Good thing... Place was packed! I guess all Asian places were packed on Christmas. We weren't hungry; but had a few beers and ordered a few items on the limited menu. I read on Foursquare the chow mein was good. It comes with chicken; shrimp; and pork. The chicken was the highlight of the dish. VERY impressed with the flavor and the price point was average. Oh; and we ordered some spring rolls. The mustard is HOT. You've been warned. We had a great time; and the service was great. Before you leave; head over to the bar and ask. It's not that bad. (You'll know what I mean.) I would highly recommend this place to friends and family!
Played Champions again and must say it's heading in a better direction.  Maybe they read my review?  Greens were headed in the right direction.  Still too many ball marks; but they were rolling much; much better (10 on stimp).  Still can't get over how many un-filled divots there are in the fairways.  I understand they get a lot of play but don't you have a maintenance crew?  The course marshals were a joke (Richard) and could barely be bothered to say hello.  We thought it would be a great idea to require that the course marshals be given a giant bucket of sand and rather than sit under a tree doing nothing; fill some divots in-between groups.  They've got to solve the divot issue or this place will always be a $49 muni-style.    Will be playing Stadium this weekend so will send an update.
Before anyone beats me up over this two star rating; I have to say that the Whipped Cream donut is 5 stars by itself.However; the three times that I have been there; the apple fritters and the buttermilk bars have been raw in the middle.  The other donuts here do not have the same trouble; but they are definitely sweeter that they should be.  Don't get me wrong; I just mean that one should be able to taste the donut not just sugar-dough.  The amount of sugar used overwhelms the taste of the donuts.Truthfully  Rainbow is probably 2.5 stars--2 stars is too harsh; but 3 is a tad high.Again though; the whipped cream donut is in a class by itself.Oh; and the area is sketchy too.:/
This is one of our all time favorite family restaurants.  The selection is fantastic and all the food is high quality.  All you can eat Asian food; sushi and Mongolian BBQ; plus desert;....how can you beat that?  Staff is friendly and attentive.
They have the best food ever. No lie....I love this place. Amazing breakfast and brunch. Awesome Fajita in a Pita; Grilled Chicken Sandwich; and Chicken Tortilla Soup! You will not be unsatisfied with anything hear.
WTF
Great location and everyone is super friendly. Jenilynn is an amazing masseuse so ask for her.  I always look forward to seeing her each month and my neck and back feel like heaven when she is done.
What a great place!  I met a coworker here for breakfast a few weeks ago and had a great experience.  The employees were all super friendly; gave great recommendations and took good care of us.  The atmosphere is quaint and comfortable.  The food was excellent - great tea selection and delicious breakfast crepe!  I'll be back for sure!
My family and I have recently discovered this place. The service is okay; but management is great. We always get a platter that they offer which allows us to try a variety of meat and sides. My preschool daughters are very picky but loved the pulled chicken. I am not a fan of the pulled pork but the St. Louis ribs are incredible and the meat falls off the bone!! The macaroni and cheese is extra; extra cheesy and delicious. The cap to the meal is the fresh donuts they offer at the end; leaving no reason to purchase dessert. To wash it all down; nothing beats their strawberry lemonade served in a frosted glass. Oh my!!! We love it.  It has been challenging to find good barbecue in AZ and this is definitely really good and worth trying.
I was actually a little let down after my first time of trying Jersey Mike's because I was expecting something amazing from all the positive things I have heard about it. My opinion was that it was slightly better than Subway; but there are several other sandwich places I would rather go to. I ordered an Italian sandwich; and it was good but quite standard. I was not impressed with the prices and found them to be a little much; so its not likely that this place will be a regular stop for me.
Hello Yelp!  It's been a while.  In this economy who can really afford to eat out?  With that being said I allow myself a treat once in a while.  Tia Rosa came and went quickly in this space.  I was so happy to see that Nando's was taking it over!  I had been to Nando's in Gilbert and loved it.  They did a wonderful job remodeling and adding a beautiful patio to the space.  There are big screen TVs great for watching sports in the bar and on the patio.  It has a cozy feel that Tia Rosa did not have.  Now for the food. I've been here a few times and each time they did not disappoint.  The Chips and Salsa are delicious.  Hot; fresh chips and tasty salsa.  I've had the Chicken Chimichanga and the Pollo Rico.  The chicken is moist and tender and both entrees did not skimp!  Rice and beans are good.  The rice is fluffy and moist.  The beans are a tad bland but then it's beans so what are you gonna do?  They have killer margaritas in many different version for every taste and a giant tequila list.  Nando's is in my top 2 for mexican.  If you have not tried it.....what are you waiting for??  Go....now....there is a margarita calling your name!
hulk smashhulk smash burgerhulk like smashburgerhulk like spicy smash burgerhulk like green chili hulk greenhulk rip open shirt to smash burger more smash fries in mouthhulk no find mega jug hulk drink tea with ice hot cold icy hulk happyhulk happyhulk happyhulk happy
I ate here a few years ago and all I can remember is how much I wanted to go back. The patio was quaint and when I saw bacon on the dessert menu I knew it was going to be good; and it was.. Definitely go here if your thinking about it.
Hubby and I went in for lunch yesterday; it was at least 10 minutes before we were acknowledged. When asked about the beers on tap; the server told us that he was only 19; had no beer list; and asked what beer we liked. I ordered a Bloody Mary; Hubby ordered a Blue Moon and asked the server to change the channel (that was on Fox News) to  one of the MANY football games on TV (New Years Eve; there was all KINDS of football on). The server said No Problem-and left. We waited. And waited. They turned up the bad '80's music and the heat; did not change the channel; and our server never came back. We finally left after about 15 minutes. This was our second visit to Gallagher's; I don't expect we will ever return as our first visit was very mediocre also. I suggest a beer menu; knowledgeable servers; and sports on TV in a Sports bar. Boo.
It could be the sauce. No; maybe the crust. The cheese? The way they tuck pepperoni underneath? Whatever it is; these guys make one fantastic pie. The pizza at Little Chicago is always fresh in a way that you can almost taste each of the distinct ingredients. I've had the pepperoni and the pineapple on many various occasions and have always left happy. The pizzas are thin crust; divided into squares. (If you're looking for deep dish; this is not the place.) I'm usually ok splitting a medium size but always want more. You know how sometimes pizza can make you TOO full? This place does it just right.The shop is small; with a couple of tables; self service drinks and a TV. Even though we often take our orders to-go; they have great customer service and are always willing to accommodate us when we dine in. They'll refill drinks; bring out plates and everything.All around excellent pizza in a tucked away dive in south Scottsdale.
Totally unprofessional! Their time is much more valuable then yours and they show no concern for the things you are shipping. Requested a 13 hour pick up window for the trailer!  STAY AWAY FROM THESE PEOPLE!!!
In Phoenix for a business meeting and loaded the food network app to find a diners drive ins and dives. This place was first on the list. What a gem to find. Hands down the best tacos I've ever eaten. Taco Tuesday so I got the el pastor. The salsas were awesome and the heat was felt for hours. Just like I like it. I would highly recommend this place to anyone looking for a taco fix. Too bad that they aren't located in my home town because I would be there every day.
So this place literally ruined Christmas for us. My wife and Iare  from CA and we miss having Roast Duck. We have always heard how great this place is and have always wanted to try it out. I called a few days before Christmas to see if they were opened on Christmas/Christmas Eve; and they were! Great; so I asked if they sold Roast Duck which they did; and had asked how early I should place my order since I wasn't sure if they would run out. They had told me that they would have it and would only need to order it 25-30 min in advanced. So we call today; which I believe was the same person I had talked to the other day; and they said they don't serve Roast Duck; and that they only serve off their Special Christmas menu. We were absolutely furious. We will never go here; regardless whether or not the food is good.
The service and atmosphere was great.....but it couldn't make up for the super greasy food. Even the spaghetti squash dish was swimming in butter. I like comfort food but this wasn't comforting it was just oily.
My second time here and I'm so.thrilled that I went back! The snow white roll was incredible! The service is great; very friendly! I am looking forward to going back!
Love the Ocean Club! Lobster Mashed Potatoes! Doesn't get much better than that!
The Desert Botanical Garden has become a staple on my frequent visits to Phoenix. I'm really not a museum-lover; but the botanical gardens have a ton of appealing qualities who can't stand in front of the same piece of art for ten minutes and pretend to think it's interesting or a showcase of masterful talent. For example; the 15-foot tall hairy cactus? I don't have to pretend that it's pretty - it's nature; and maybe it was meant to be like that. Cool. The 6 or 7 different exhibits? I don't have to go see all of them in one visit. Or I can. Both options are completely doable. I can get married there. I can have a snack there. I can get a healthy dose of vitamin D there. I can listen to music and enjoy the setting during Las Noches de las Luminarias. If you're an outdoorsy person who needs entertainment that's a difference pace than a hike but aren't ready to go the indoors route; the botanical gardens are a must. I would recommend shorter visits for the winter months; as most of the flowers aren't blooming. Probably from April - early November (if you can stand the heat) you'll have a good shot of seeing great things in all the exhibits. Put it on your to-do list and take a friend!
...steel bleachers; no handrails; steep steps; and a terrible team almost every year?  I miss The Shoe.  Certainly there are worse places to see a game and I'll give them credit for the helpful crew who drive the elderly and handicapped up and down the hill; but all things being equal this place needs an update sometime sooner rather than later.
The most professional and friendly dentist's office I've ever been to!My routine cleanings with Callie go smoothly and painlessly; the office knows that we prefer to see her; and they make sure we see her for each and every cleaning when she's available.  Dr. Resnick gives us an honest and friendly evaluation after each cleaning.  When my husband and I had work done; Dr. Resnick made sure to give us a follow up call; no matter whether it was during business hours or not. After I had a couple of wisdom teeth removed; Dr. Resnick even called to follow up on me when he was on the way to Disneyland with his family!  You will get an answer whenever you call- sometimes he answers the phone and will schedule you personally.  I absolutely recommend Dr. Resnick and his team to everyone.  I've been going to his office for about 5 years now!
Opened up a checking account several weeks ago. The card I received had my name spelled wrong which was an error I probably wouldnt have noticed until they called me a day later. I went back to the branch where they offered me a gift card for my troubles in hope that the experience didnt leave a bad taste in my mouth. Well; I went to use the gift card (no activation required) and it declined saying there was no amount on the card. So I thought eh; I'll try it some other time. Well tried it again and still does not have a balance. I emailed customer service over a week ago and still havent heard back.
Anniversary Dinner was fantastic!  First time there; I had the sea bass my husband had lobster. We also shared a ceasar salad; gumbo; and smoked salmon. I know it was way too much to eat but so delicious! Our server was Marlin and he was so friendly and informative. Really enjoyed it only complaint was I wish there was some seating a little more private; it was kind of noisy but tha'ts the only complaint I had. We will definately be going back; I never thought I liked salmon but that appetizer was so good I want to try the salmon for dinner. It is a bit pricey; but you do get what you pay for.
I just tried Grimaldi's for the first time and enjoyed the experience on the whole. Their pizza is quite unique and while I wouldn't say it is a favorite of mine it is still very good. We also ordered two small salads and were surprised by how big they were. We wondered what the large salads must look like. Also; the cheesecake was some of the best I have had in awhile. That was probably even better than the pizza to tell you the truth.The restaurant did feel a little crowded and there were certainly a lot of people there; but it seemed like a great place to eat nonetheless. The prices are slightly higher than what I expected; but I still had a nice experience at this pizzeria.
Absolutely delicious pizza and pizza breads. Visiting from indiana; looking for something different than what we can get at home. Loved it!
Good bar vibe...Arizona civil war college football games were playing the night I was here so the crowd was great; and the elderly gentleman playing old Irish tunes on the stage up front added to the lively environment. Was in a strip mall setting and I was visiting from out of town so I would have not noticed it had my friend not taken me here. Still though; love my Irish pubs; whiskey;  and Guinness.
Place is pretty good after new ownership took affect. Pretty clean and organized. I would give the food 4/5 stars. Better than most chinese buffet places. Looks like all employees are actually Chinese. Your drink is always filled since they check up on it regularly. I actually had more than I could drink they filled it so often. Prices are good at $6.99 per person during lunch. Dinner is $9.99 per person. Children 3-5 is $2.99 as the check said. Soda is $1.49. And guess what; REAL ICE CREAM. We were pretty happy about that. Worth it.
Char's is a hidden Phoenix gem.  It is a very small bar that hosts some pretty awesome bands.  Of course my FAVORITE band is Soul Power.  Friday nights are packed.  The one wish I had is that they wouldn't over pack the place.  So what can expect from this neighborhood bar?  The good:  Great music; reasonable drinks that are not weak by any means; a very diverse crowd; the urge to dance the night away; only a $6.00 cover and reasonably priced drinks.  The bad:  Dance floor is very small; they do not serve food; if you don't like crowds or tight places this venue is not for you; the VIP section is a shabby one.
truely one of the best places to eat and celebrate a special occasion
I generally do not like to visit shelters; kennels; pounds; or even pet stores. It always seems there are so many pets that need a forever home and I simply can't take everyone home with me.  I always feel low for days thinking about Spike or Buster; Blackie or Nickie . . . who all need someone to feed; love and play with them. Someone to take them out of the misery they have found themselves in. Someone to take them on daily walks; or let them snuggle under the covers when it is cold outside.I was worried when I said I would volunteer at the Arizona Humane Society that I would have trouble keeping my spirits up for awhile after going there. The staff and volunteers always do the best they can under the circumstances; but with limited resources it is always difficult to really make a difference.But after visiting & volunteering at the Arizona Humane Society I know there are people in Arizona who do care; who are willing to put their time and money into helping the lost souls who are just looking for someone to love them. The Arizona Humane Society is a beautiful facility where animals are cared for with big & generous hearts. It is clean and well maintained; with places for critters to run and play and meet prospective new parents.  It is a place where you can go and give some time; even  if you can't take a pet home. But; be careful; there are sweet faces; sad faces; faces excited to see you; faces of little souls who just want someone to love them. You will fall in love . . . with someone who will love you back with all their soul!
Service was a bit slow; although I was seated quickly. Corn chowder was tasty but not very hot. Had the Cheddar  Broccoli Quiche. Filling was good; but the crust was really soggy; even the edges. Seemed like it could have been microwaved. Probably won't go back unless that is where others want to go.
Pretty yummy fast Greek food; with a drive thru!The pita tastes fresh; but is a bit small.The salads are yummy!The gyros are pretty good.The fries were a bit overcooked.Try the Greek salad with chicken; YUM!
This is a biker bar in a western setting. I love bikers but when I think cowboy I'm not picturing motorcycles. The general atmosphere spoke fun but I wouldn't go there for the real old west experience or the  food; which others reviewers raved about. The green chili cheese burger was okay--the meat was tender but tasted steamed. The bun was bordering on stale and the green chili were flavorless.  That said the drinks were good and  probably why so many died-hards were hanging out drinking on a really cold damp Sunday afternoon. I'll give it another try....maybe see if their chili is any good ?
I don't know why I keep trying .......I went through the drive through today for some pork carnitas.....only to get home and find their mystery meat version of beef....aarrghh....had to throw it away it was so scary.  Even more frustrating because the girl on the mike made me repeat it twice and I heard her say PORK twice.  Oh well.....
I went to Ingleside on a friend's recommendation after not being able to get good care or a thorough exam at another Arcadia area vet.While the end result of my visit was making the excruciatingly difficult decision to humanely euthanize my cat; I could not be more pleased with the care he received there as well as their compassion towards both of us.Dr. Ronaldo(or Rolando-I can't remember which) was beyond amazing. She was able to quickly diagnose my cat; ran him through x rays with no problem(when the other vet I went to wanted to sedate him for x rays which likely would have complicated his illness and maybe even resulted in death) and was completely compassionate and patient with me. I ended up spending half a day at the office on a holiday and was the last person to leave. I think they left the office open just for me judging by the lack of cars in the parking lot and no patients in the lobby.Could not recommend this vet more. They made a horrible process as easy as possible.
I like this store.  The private label brands are great.  Their bakery is second to none.  Everyone is courteous there.  Their prices are a little higher than normal. I don't care because their products are good here and that's value for me.  You have a fan.  Great store.
Dr. Williams is hardly in the office; it seems she doesn't care about her patients.
Best vet I have found (for cats; can't speak for any other type of animal as I don't have any).The vets are fantastic; knowledgeable; great with the cats. The office is clean; and doesn't smell of wet animal (which vets office often do). The staff are all very helpful and kind. And it is incredibly easy to make an appointment; either online or over the phone. If you live in the area and need a vet; I would definitely recommend that you check them out.
Great location. Food was good; but not great and it is slightly overpriced. Service was good.
Tsoynamis are one of my favorite foods in the world. I'm lactose intolerant and love blizzards; so it's a match made in heaven. I go to Green a lot as I live nearby; and have never felt unwelcome there; so I had no reason to think I'd feel that way about their sister joint; Nami. So after a disappointing dinner at Nobou at Teeter House in downtown phx; bf and I were excited to turn our night around with dessert at Nami when we realized we were super close to it and it was still open (since Green would have been closed by the time we got there). Their hours posted indicate they close at 9:30pm on Fridays; and we arrived at 9:20 after calling to confirm they were still open. We walked in; and there were a few groups of people sitting and leisurely enjoying their ice cream and baked goods. We walked up to the counter and bf knew what he wanted right away (s'mores tsoynami with pb added...SO good!). I; on the other hand; needed a minute to decide since they had a huge bakery case filled with things I never see at Green and wanted to try out; in addition to the full tsoynami menu. I asked a few questions; which the light-haired woman working there was happy to answer. She disappeared to make bf's tsoynami; though; and we were then met with an icy stare and complete annoyance by the dark-haired woman working there. I like to give people the benefit of the doubt; and hey; it's Friday night and she probably wanted to close up so she could go out. But it wasn't even 9:30; and she had zero interest in making this customer happy. I said I was debating between a cookie and a tsoynami; while she rolled her eyes and continued to tap her fingers on the counter. Her response; rather than a suggestion or recommendation for something to order; was; We close in five minutes. Ok? I know that already? Why wouldn't you just try to hurry us along in a constructive way; rather than making me feel afraid to ask you any questions about your products?She continued to sigh and look around; willing us to disappear; and honestly I wish we would have left right then. But we were starving; and I really wanted to enjoy one of their delicious looking treats. I decided in my head that I wanted a tsoynami; but I was way too afraid to have that lady actually prepare something for me as I was pretty sure she would spit in it; in addition to the length of time it would have taken to prepare which surely would have put us over her 5-minute limit. I said I'd take the cookie; to get us out of there sooner. We still had to wait another minute for bf's tsoynami to be finished; and felt her stare us down the whole time. Mind you; there are still parties of other customers at tables still lingering. We were definitely NOT responsible for keeping them open; but we sure were made to feel that way!I don't care how tasty your treats are; I would never EVER go back there...who wants to leave a dessert place with such a sour taste in their mouth? I will be getting all of my future tsoynamis at Green; where they never make me feel like I'm doing something wrong by asking questions or spending a minute debating between a few items.
cleanliness and good beds.. all I can ask for out of a tanning salon. It's actually quite difficult to find! this place is great!
We had our work Christmas party here and they were SO accomodating!  Trever goes out of his way to make sure the guests are happy.  I can't wait to go back with relatives who are visiting for Christmas.
This was my first pub experience in Scottsdale. A local Geocaching group had their monthly meeting here; and being 2 days into moving from NYC to Scottsdale; I looked to meet like minded folks.They all extolled the virtues of the pub fare at the British Open; so I took em up on it and ordered an AWESOME french dip. Wow; it was delicious. The au jus was amazing. I chatted up the folks to my left and right and found that one of them was a cook at another local restaurant and said that I had to come back and try their other menu items. That is high honors; in my book so I did indeed come back here a few more times.Each time tried another hot sandwich offering.  The price; is definitely right.The only thing preventing me from giving British Open 5 stars is the service.Its spotty at best. I don't feel that I ever had 4 or 5 star service here; the servers and bartenders need to be more attentive and NOT hang out towards the back of the bar (which is the service area).If this place remedies this behaviour; then I may change my rating; however we shall soon see....
We came here for of all things Toothpaste.  I only remembered that I had a Costco membership because; I got the renewal notice in the mail.So when we walked in I knew we would not leave without spending at least $100.00. I left spending $109.00; but everything is good.I got some great cheese; fruit; and a really nice Dog bed. The only thing was; I thought the dog bed looked big in the store but; when we got it home it was huge!! Which makes it an even better deal; but it would not fit in any room in the house.So back to Costco we went ;to return it. Bummer they only had the one size.All I did was show my receipt  and card and I was on the way out the door with my refund. But; my poor doggie has no new bed for Christmas; but I will keep looking.I almost forgot ; we did get the toothpaste as well; at a great deal!
They give you large portions so I would suggest sharing. I'm not a big fan of Orange Chicken but theirs was actually pretty good. Great customer service.
I went here a couple of weeks ago as a chaperone for a 3rd grade class.  The same day we were there; there were 2 other schools.  The place was adequately staffed enough to put on a 7 person gunfight.  Most of those volunteers worked elsewhere on the compound (ie the blacksmith and sheriff also did the shootout.)  The museum is quite large; almost entirely outdoors - so do not plan this on a hot and sunny day.   Most of the buildings w'ere deconstructed and shipped there from other parts of Arizona.  All of the buildings have a decent amount of information posted on/near the front explaining the building's origins; history; and use.  Everything from a farm; to a church; to a school; homes; root cellars; sheriff;  cemetery; bakery (worst exhibit imho;) and the list goes on and on.  However; you can't go inside most of the buildings.  Most are blocked off (to preserve the antique items inside presumably.)Their website is awful.  Don't even bother.  If you go; as I mentioned; it's all out in the elements.  Beware.  But you can bring your own lunch; which you can enjoy in the town square under one of several giant shade trees.  My 8 year old son enjoyed it and would like to go back.  However; as a mother of 4 kids; I know more kids will not enjoy this than will -- but it's a great place to take out-of-towners and history buffs.
Horrible water and average food. Chinese owned. They don't speak Thai as we found out the hard way when we spoke a little to them.Seriously though; just the fact a restaurant would serve their patrons drinking water that literally tastes like dirty dishwater should be the tipoff.
It's time to rewind and dine!!!  I used to hit this place up on a regular basis for the sheer amount of food and drink you can down on the happy hour..  After a short visit back the memories started pouring back just as a clear and heavy as the drinks they dish out!!!!  Any of the appetizers are amazing during the happy hour and the crowds whether they are there or not doesn't even matter because the bartenders are awesome conversationalists.  I LOVE the feel of the restaurant.  Its kind of a dungeon when you first come in with a distinct scent but mehhhh it's damn good once you get down and grubbin'.
Burgerlicious
always a nice smaller venue to watch a concert
This restaurant was just ok.  I got a gyro; and it was filling.  It was good but nothing special.  The service sucked.  I was in with a friend; and we were the ONLY people in the place.  I've waited tables; and I know you hold food so people have time to talk and get appetizers.  But seriously...we waited a half an hour.  And we specifically told the waitress we had one hour for lunch.  Not good.  Especially as there are a million other restaurants to chose from in the area...
nice fast place to clean the car
Touristy; a I was there type point of interest and a short easy hike for parental units looking to get a little outdoorsy but not.  The view is pretty good with an occasional jumbo jet buzzing by but what else can you ask for.  I mtn bike around this area as well a good bit and have a lot of fun ripping about.  Free parking as well but can get really populated on the weekends.  With winter time around Phoenix it gives you an excuse; if you're not a Phoenician; to strut around in a short sleeve and shorts in the midst of winter.
Ummmm... can I please get some iced coffee with my soy milk? Two times in a row that I could barely taste the coffee in my drink. The quality of drink is not worth the long wait in the drive through. The wait in the drive thru is always lengthy. If I ever visit this location again I will consider bringing a travel size board game.
The reviews for the Musical Instrument Museum are generally great; and while our kids had fun; I can't be as enthusiastic as I expected.First; we had an unpleasant interaction in the Experience Gallery; where a Museum docent singled out our three-year-old from all the kids running amok and suggested he would be better in the Family Center because he was using the Remo drums made for kids as toys rather than experiencing them as musical instruments; a distinction I still find mystifying.  My wife (Kathy S.) wrote about this incident in her own YELP review posted a couple days ago.  I'll focus my review on other aspects of our experience at the Museum.Second; upon us entering the Museum we were approached by a very nice volunteer whom we asked about exhibits good for kids - the only place she suggested was the Experience Gallery.  Other than banging drums; strumming guitars and ukuleles and hitting a couple gongs - which our kids LOVED - was there anything else oriented to kids?  Any exhibits with interactive buttons; simple words and graphics with big letters; and maybe some instructive models detailing; for example; how the musical sound is generated; or how music is read?  We looked but came up short - we didn't make it through every gallery but we found no actual exhibits oriented to the younger set.  Our kids were not that interested in audio recordings and displays of instruments innovated by local populations in different regions of the world.  And that's ok.  Not every museum can be or seeks to be great for young kids.  Our kids at 3 and 5 probably just weren't ready.  Still; they had fun in the Experience Gallery; and maybe we'll try MIM again in a few years.I did like the physical beauty of the facility - the building and grounds are stunning.
Starving after our flight here; this hit the spot!  Burger was great; couldn't eat it fast enough...Difficult to understand the lady in drive thru... took a good 5 minutes to get through what we wanted to order but otherwise it was fine.
Fine coffee; a unique yet inviting atmosphere; and friendly customer service.  Diamond in the rough.  I will certainly make my way back here my next time through the area.
I'm a firm believer that cooking an egg should take longer than 30 seconds. Also; it should not be formed in a perfectly round and oddly fluffy disk. And warm cheese that doesn't melt is disturbing. And sausage patties shaped to the exact same size as the egg disk is bizarre as well. Food just doesn't exist perfectly in nature like this! It's wrong!Otherwise; the bagel was alright. Just know that the everything bagel is covered in rye seeds; which is weird. The coke from the soda fountain was the best part of the meal. I was wicked hungover.
This is only for the bar.  I have been here twice now while visiting; and service is superb.  The bottled beer list has some unique options; if they had a couple of these on tap; I would give five stars.  In talking to Joe the bartender; we learned that the majority of their employees havebeen working at T. Cooks for years. . .like 5; 8; 13 years??!!!  This speaks really well for the place.  It is a romantic spot for a drink or a snack.  The venue is lovely.  If I lived here; I would probably try out HH and love it.
Love the outdoor fireplace on the cool winter nights!  It was great; to sit and chat over a hot cup o sumpin'  It would be really nice if there was a small live music jazz trio playing next to the crackling fire pit.
We now live in San Antonio and really miss In-N-Out Burger. Every time we take a trip to the west coast; we go out of our way to eat at an In-N-Out. The food is always good and the prices are terrific. Perhaps most amazing is the quality of service. My typical meal order is a double-double with ketchup and cheese only. I order this basic burger to enjoy the quality of burger meat and flavor. Their fries are also the best in fast food. Fresh cut in the store and well seasoned. There are not many negatives to say about any of my experiences at In-N-Out.
The live events are excellent; so verify they have something playing when you visit.  You can spend days in this museum if you love music so be prepared!   try to catch the apollonia music show that happens everyday.   The museum restaurant was also really impressive.  We had a chestnut soup that was spectacular.
I have been to this location several times and they have been very helpful ( im deaf ) and kind. Once they made a mistake and compensated for that mistake greatly!!  The sushi is excellent! Prices can be a bit on the high side but the great food makes up for it. I highly recommend this restaurant for great sushi.
Great venue for music..friendly staff...great food truck food..booze is only point reduction
Wifey and I decided to head out to dinner last night and decided on Chelsea's Kitchen. We've always been super fans of LGO so this just made sense to us. The menu is a bit all over the place; which I don't mind but my wife didn't find much she was interested in.  I had the short ribs with roasted veggies and a fried egg on top. Awesome dish; I could eat that again and again! The short ribs were cooked to perfection; the sauce velvety and delicious and the veggies perfect! The addition of the over easy egg on top was sublime! My wife ended up just getting a caesar salad and the ceviche; which are staples from LGO. Overall great service; ambiance and most importantly good food.
Nice hotel for a one night business stay. Very convinent to airport. Walls are paper thin. No WiFi in rooms??!!
This airport is very easy to navigate.  We deplaned quickly upon arrival and were at baggage claim within 5-10 minutes.  I saw a lot of restaurants and food places as I was making my way to baggage claim so I thought that PHX had a lot to offer.  I was very wrong to make this assumption and I learned this on the night that I was scheduled to leave PHX.  Departing from PHX is not fun at all - because everything closes at 10:00pm (our flight was scheduled for 10:50pm) so we had absolutely nothing to do that would keep us entertained except for a bar.  Everything looked really dead and depressing at night. I really recommend keeping at least one 24-hour spot open so that guests who are waiting have something to do before they have to hop on their planes.
Stumbled in with the homie off a wake n bake; i had a east coastern; first time trying that one; usually partial to the dank pinner n the munchies; chocolate chip cookies or rice crispy treats; da bomb; back to the east coastern; toasted n loaded with sammich toppings; i eat here when ever i pass by; its a do not miss on my list because aside from the sandwiches; their fresh baked munchies are not to miss.
We were just visiting and came here on a Sunday night for some Sunday Night Football and Euchre.  We ordered the regular tots and sweet potato tots; and both were very good; I really liked the sweet potato tots.  The wings are great; and the fiesta salad with carne asada was just amazing.  Staff is really friendly; and the bar itself is really active - in addition to the nice little TV in our booth; it was poker night and free-play craps.  We ordered dessert also - a full basket of yummy zeppelinis for only $5.50! If we lived in Phoenix; we would definitely frequent this bar =).
The dine in theater is an intriguing idea. Unfortunately; here it is so poorly executed; with food below fast food par; but at upscale cost. Seating is hit or miss in terms of the better auditoriums showing the various films. Essentially; you eat in the dark; not seeing how the food is actually prepared & presented. Service is also hit or miss with a bias towards misses. It's a bit more than the cost of a regular movie; but for recent releases; which have the better auditoriums; it can be nice; so long as you steer away from anything but French fries; that are more like Jack In The Box. Though you can get some alcoholic drinks; is it really worth it with places like Merc Bar downstairs from the theater? Dont forget to allow for tipping if youre dining here. All this doesn't touch on the horrible parking situation at this location.GET YOUR PARKING TICKET VALIDATED!!!!In summary; if you want to see a popular 1st run show upon its release; and can do without the food service experience; it can be nice. Otherwise; avoid it like the plague!Enjoy :)
I've been past this place many nights on my trip between central phoenix and downtown scottsdale; I've heard of the delights to be had; I've desired the bacon wrapping; but I've never actually stopped. That is until now. All the stars aligned this night. I had a hankering for something tasty; I was driving past; it was after everything else closed already - well except for taco bell; but who reall WANTS to eat at taco bell? We ordered up two dogs with all the toppings - well; everything but onions and tomato for me. As exciting as this moment was for me; I couldn't help but compare them to my favorite dog - (ShortLeash). I really think it's unfair to compare everyone to them; but you just can't help it. Pre-short leash this spot may have had high ratings in my book; but I left still hungry after an a-ok dog thinking that next time; I'll just stop at taco bell :-/All in all - not a terrible hot dog; but nothing about it made me want to write home about it with exception of their late night hours.Happy Yelping Phoenix!
THERE WAS A ROACH IN MY FOOD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!My curiosity for Indian food and decent reviews convinced me to give this place a try today.  Huge mistake!!!  I was a little skeptical after reading one review that described someone elses roach experience.  Since the rest of the reviews were decent; I decided to disregard it; thinking maybe it was someone who simply had a bad experience and was wanting to give the restaurant a bad name.  I placed a take out order over the phone.  The service was prompt and friendly.  I picked up my food; returned to work excited for my lunch; until I found a big roach sitting on top of my rice.  Luckily; I hadn't taken any bites!  I wasted my entire lunch hour; only to find myself hungry; with no time to get anything else.  The manager explained that the restaurant had just been sprayed for roaches; which he claims makes them spread everywhere.  Good to know right?In the end; I was given a full refund but it didn't make up for my time and disgusting experience.The manager seemed to really make light of the situation.  Apparently he's okay with his tenants.  Unless you're okay with having an extra crunch in your food; you really shouldn't eat here.
Best hot and sour soup we've ever had!  It's $5 and easily serves 2 big eaters.  We were there for lunch. Great service too!
Awesome place.Burgers are sometimes a little salty; but for the most part they are always good.Fries are great; and with their fry sauce; they are simply the best. To cook is always friendly; and the girls working the counter are always nice & never pushy.I found that the owner although very nice; can be a little protective over his fry sauce. Either that or I am a pig with the fry sauce. I can't help it; it's amazing.I like that they not only have the 3lb burger challenge; but also have pics of people that completed it. The one that blows me away is the picture of this petite little girl who has completed the challenge 3 times; and most recent time was in a little over 4 minutes. All in all; I love this place.
Once past sticker shock... you will love this place. The items are unique; lovely; and downright beautiful. The look isn't tacky nor cheap. On top of that--we don't like the overly feminine bedding many of the larger stores find appealing (I don't)...The reason we landed at West Elm was the pursuit of a duvet cover. You know... the ones with ties and buttons that don't let the insert peek through. Believe it or not; those are hard to find (hint; hint Ikea and Macy's) for a reasonable price point. But wait--how could it be reasonable if I discussed sticker shock?A lot of people would just leave after looking at the prices of a few things. No; not me. I found my way to the sale duvet covers. We have scored one for $35 (Queen size) and one for $40 (King size) that were on sale. Oh. And a note. They offer an additional 10% off for students. And yes; even an extra 10% off of clearance items.
Who hasn't ever had some Starbucks? Well I guess people who don't drink coffee or anything they have to offer. I loved Starbucks ever since I was a pre-teen. I used to go to this Starbucks every morning before school started; they even knew my name and order. I thought that was super cool and it was...until I started realizing why I wasn't getting into the shape I wanted to be. They offer such yummy choices and I love it!! However; I have to limit myself going there...except if I am having straight Black Pike's Roast; then I don't really mind going. Everything else in there is a treat to me. The ambiance is so cozy and smells like home. I love coffee but if I go to Starbucks everyday;  maybe I'll get bored. So I am a fan; but hopefully; not anytime soon; become an obsessed fan.
I had read positive reviews of this unpretentious restaurant for a year before steering their way on a whim around my birthday. I was not disappointed. Great food; drink; and service. I had potato leek soup; bread; curried potatoes; and a lamb mint pastie. I chose a pint of 1664 followed by a Guinness; both fresh on tap. I liked the candles in bottles with heavy wax drippings . . . Except. Except the proprietors chose vodka bottles with the hammer and  sickle. No big deal if you approve of the worst mass murderers in history.  If it is supposed to be daring or chic; try swastika festooned decor; same reality.
Make sure you understand what it will cost you to terminate.  When you start the service; it's energizing and you feel like you'll be attending for a while. However; after you go through the program several times; it becomes deathly boring and many people will find they want to terminate after a few months. In my case; the cost to terminate was $139.I haven't done the cross fit training that's popping up everywhere but people I know who have done both cross fit and Orange Theory say cross fit is much better and cheaper too.  Also; research it for yourself if they tell you that you're losing 1;000 calories per session. They claim that you keep burning calories for almost 20 hours after each session. I looked at all the info I could find about this on line and the actual story is that you continue to burn a moderate amount of calories for about 40 minutes after the workout after which any enhanced burn rate falls off to almost nothing. Orange Theory claims the full 20 hours as though you're burning calories at something close to the rate you do while in the class. In my opinion; it's deceptive and they know it.Overall; before you sign up to their supposed no contract; ask to meet whoever you'll be dealing with when you want to leave. If it's the Paradise Valley location; that will be Darren and you'll want to read the comments from the woman who said she got injured in their class.
Fantastic service!!! Everyone we encountered from the manager & servers to the busboy; was very personable and welcoming. Even my 5 yr old son was treated with kindness and smiles - not typical at this caliber of restaurant and it was so appreciated. The food was excellent. I especially enjoyed the appetizer of yellow fin tuna cups - so light and a perfect bite to get my taste buds going.  My filet was cooked perfectly and I could have eaten ten of the crab-stuffed tomatoes. The chocolate dessert recommended by the waiter was also divine - and I don't even like sweets or chocolate! A 5-star experience all around. When in Fountain Hills; I'd skip the stay at CopperWynd but dinner at Alchemy is a must!
Spaghetti meatball calzones!  Delicious!  My husband and I eat at this Spinatos way too often; but the food is just too yummy.  The strawberry spinach salad is amazing and the pizza and calzones are fantastic.  We definitely have stopped going to other pizza places as there are very little places comparable to Spinatos.
Regular here close by. Good selection and produce and meats are always freash
Fun and very inventive dishes that taste amazing.  Tad pricy and drink refills aren't included; but the food makes up for it.
I very much like this place and from a 3rd wave coffee lover's perspective; this is well worth a visit. I love Cartel.  Every time i make it to Arizona; I come here.  The coffee is amazing; the staff know what is up; and the decor/feel is nice.
Got in for Happy Hour last night.The watiress was nice - she was very recognizant of the fact it was 10 til 7; and wanted us to make the HH cut-off. The bouncer was very nice too; surprisingly.The patio has nice heaters on it; so we were okay to sit outside after dark in December.My vodka cranberry was strange - no ice; the cranberry was NOT juice. It was a water consistency but tasted somewhat like a cranberry syrup. Friend's pineapple/Bacardi looked like real pineapple juice though. Weird.The wings were pretty good; just fatty. The mini tostadas were apparently really good;  though they were topped with parmesan (what?)
I would like to believe that the old Macaroni Grill is back. The three of us came here last Saturday night after a long day of Christmas tree shopping and hanging outside lights. We were tired and didn't feel like cooking. We also didn't feel Ike a fancy Italian restaurant meal; but just some good Italian comfort food. Our choices in this market segment includes both Macaroni Grill and Maggiano's; along with some wannabes like Olive Garden; Johnny Carino's and Carrabba's. As a family; we continue to favor the two Brinker International concepts. As a follow-ups to my previous review; it does indeed appear that the over building under the former corporate owners has ceased.  And a great deal of attention has gone into improving the menu; while keeping some of the older items by their new private VC owners. One thing that was lacking in the old setup was a traffic cop of sorts. Now in place; you have a very competent Wait Staff & Service Manager (front of the house) making sure the tables are bused and offering a friendly face to those who are waiting to be seated. This was present in the old place; but it wasn't the high energy job it is now and is a major improvement.The other improvement as noted last time is the Culinary Manager doing the same thing but between the kitchen staff (back of the house) & wait service. It is still running smoothly. We started with a couple of appetizers from their Choose 2 Tapas ($9.00) menu of Mama's Spicy Meatballs (no jokes please) and Bruschetta; followed by a salad.  All were very good.  As for dinner; we ordered the Chicken Parmigiana; Chicken Pasta Milano; along with Mama's Trio (see photos).  All were delicious and we had enough for three boxes for home.We normally skip dessert; but chose to share a Chocolate Cake.  Here; Macaroni Grill has made a change from their past offering of a chocolate brownie.  The cake comes in a remekin; with a side of chocolate ganache.  Very Nice!We had a good time; left with some boxes and felt the bill of $64.75 before taxes and tip was fair.  Again; things weren't perfect; but they were a lot better then two years ago when Brinkers had Macaroni Grill on the market and it felt as if the  wheels were coming of this used car concept.  Not anymore; Three and three quarter stars; rounded up to four on this visit.Enjoy!
Oh happiness; a Chicago treasure just opened on Fifth Avenue in Old Town Scottsdale. Five of us meandered over to it after our happy hour dinner at Fifth and Wine. I tasted five flavors (including Macinak Island Fudge; a treat from my childhood); and finally decided on Caramel Ripple. Yum. Friendly staff and a casual old fashioned ice cream parlor ambience with a tin ceiling and a chandelier had us talking about returning.
I absolutely love this park!  It is huge!  My daughter and I came here for the first time today.  She absolutely LOVED playing here.We only spent about an hour here today due to the cold and my pressing schedule; but I was forced to promise we'd be back soon.  There are so many cool parts to this park. My favorite is the Farm Land area; with the huge jungle gyms covered by shade.  I can see how this would be a great benefit in the Summer.  My daughter's favorite part was Critter Land; which featured a giant gila monster and some dinosaur bones that you can uncover.  The rec center is ginormous and you can rent parts of it out for different events; including birthday parties.  I might be doing that next month when my kiddo turns 5!  We will definitely be back to Tumbleweed soon!
We love visiting the zoo. Seeing the animals and being able to interact with some of them is one of our favorite things to do.The zoo has many exhibits and numerous animals. It is really a lot of fun to walk around and experience the different habitats and see the animals. All the animals look healthy and happy. Also; the zoo is well laid out and easy to navigate. There are plenty of spots to take a breather or to just sit back and experience the wildlife.I love the recent addition of Stingray Bay. We had been to another zoo where we got to feed and pet the stingrays and was really disappointed that the Phoenix Zoo didn't have that; but then a year later they added Stingray Bay as a permanent addition. It's amazing! You can pet the stingrays; which feel like wet velvet; and then at specific feeding times; you can purchase food to feed them. It's kind of scary at first; but they are really gentle creatures and it's super fun! I could spend hours petting and feeding the stingrays. If you ever need something to do or want a great experience; definitely visit the zoo! I'd recommend going when it's cool out; especially since AZ gets so hot during the summer. It's no different at the zoo - it's all outdoors. Plus; during the winter they have Zoo Lights; which is really pretty at night.
New Asian Star is great for a lazy night when we're too tired to even go for takeout. Great prices; good food; very friendly service. Dine in; takeout; or delivery.  If you're not in the delivery zone; call for takeout or even order at the counter - they're fast.
The atmosphere at Handlebar is absolutely fantastic. The patio is magazine-ad perfect.. you seriously feel like you're in a hip urban environment; doing hip; urban things... and in hip; urban style! The beer selection is vast.. I don't drink; but I find the beer menu impressive. The food menu is fairly limited; but that's actually a fantastic thing. I've so often eaten at beer focused spots that have giant menus with nothing but really terrible food to offer.  Handlebar's selection is burgers; fries; pretzels; salads; and sausage sandwiches. REALLY TASTY burgers; fries; pretzels; salads; and sausage sandwiches!! The meats are locally sourced! The flavors are brave. The fries come with a variety of dipping sauces; and each of them are exquisite.. the fries themselves are at least the best I've ever had. Really. They are. I have never made such a proclamation in regard to fries! So good! I guess they recently revamped the pretzels. I did not have their previous iteration; but the new ones are 3 sticks of carbtastic glory. They are served with a spicy mustard; and BEER CHEESE to dip in.. and the BEER CHEESE = the truth! I'd seriously eat it off of dirt. It's that good! Be sure to stop in on Wednesday nights; around 8pm.  Team trivia; headed up by an actual host! Fun times; and super fantastic prizes!
I have nothing bad to say about my lunch visit here. Service; food; and ambiance were amaze! I loved it!Let's start with the menu: At lunch time they have this express deal where you get to pick one primero (1st course) and one secundo (2nd course) and a beverage ALL for only $15 ! My sister did this special and went for the nachos libre which were HUGE and delicious! The best nachos I have ever had; soaked in cheese and black beans topped with tomatoes; radishes; and micro greens. Super gourmet and tasty and HUGE! for her secundo she ordered the carne asada which came with mole and plantains. This dish may be too small if it's all you were gonna order. But it was excellent.I didn't go for the lunch special. I just ordered from the secundo menu. The pollo sandwhich was GIGANTIC I kid you not. It was about 6 inches tall. Avocado; fried chicken; cheese; tomato; refried beans. It was tasty but not the most delicious thing I had that day. Will probably go for something different next time I go. But if you are hungry; go for this sandwich..it's big!My mom went for the carnitas tacos. It came with three small tacos that you could finish off in 9 bites total. But they were delicious! Not enough for lunch; but perfect to order if you are doing their lunch express deal. THE CHIPS AND GUACAMOLE ARE A MUST! SUPER TASTY! a must order!service: was excellent. Pete was our server and he was very friendlyA MUST GO FOR LUNCH! dish prices range from $9-$16 (the lunch express deal is perfect cuz you get two dishes and a drink for $15)
Very honest and knowlegeable.  Luis fixed my heater and charged me the service call.  I had another company who came to diagnose the problem and was going to charge me $500+.  Good thing I had second opinion.  It cost me two service calls but better than $$$.
Being on the property of Secret Garden is wonderful with the trees; beautiful garden and calm fountains. The House is quaint and I loved the feel of walking on wood floors; small rooms and actually feeling like you are in a old; beautiful home. I came here with a big party (11 of us total) and we had a nice table in front of a fireplace and Christmas tree. The Happy Hour menu was pretty limited but decided on the Essence Riesling ($6). Wine was crisp and tasted good. For dinner; I ordered an Artisan Cheese Board (to share) and the grilled romaine salad. The cheese board was nice; came with 3 cheeses for HH; grilled bread; raisins; nuts and I believe figs. The grilled romaine salad was not my thing at all...I don't know if it was the vinagrette or the stuff inside the lettuce but something just didn't work for me. I didn't eat it all and left hungry.I did also sample the polenta fries but again; not my thing. They were mushy and the only thing that gave it some flavor was the sauce it came with. I wanted to try things I wouldn't normally try but I think next time; I'll stick to something simple (I keep hearing their burger is good). I did love the atmosphere; the company; the service. I didn't like the price tag. At Happy Hour; I walked away with a $33 bill for a glass of wine; cheese board and a salad. Their patio also looked really nice; especially at night with the trees lit up and the barn playing music. Overall; I think I would come back here because it really is a beautiful spot and the service was amazing!
I didn't think I could be so turned off from a place I was so looking forward to.  Let me first say I'm a fan of Pei Wei but not this location.  The newness of this location has me expecting some serious wait times and I am okay with that.  What I am NOT okay with is the girl taking my order who is so wonderfully adorned with hickies the size of silver dollars all of her neck and also the attitude that I am bothering her by having her take my order AKA her JOB! Apparently there was a 45 minute to go wait that she decided to not tell me about when ordering (the restaurant itself was relatively empty so I would not have come upon this conclusion otherwise).  When I asked after 20 minutes of waiting where my food was; I was laughed at and told my someone who just got done blowing their nose and NOT washing their hands that it would be another 20-25 minutes. Appalled and disgusted.  This location and Pei Wei in general might lose my years of business because of poor management.  Don't waste your time.
Real Cheez Whiz on your cheesesteak... YES!!! A great end to any night of drinking.
So tasty! Had the four course including yellow tail; squid ink risotto; mushrooms and butter fish. Of the four risotto was a must repeat though all were tasty!
This is the best dessert place in Surprise. Great ice; great service; and very clean.I recommend the mango chocolate gelati which is a combination of mango flavored ice with chocolate custard. Yum! It's lighter; yet more satisfying than Cold Stone; and a fraction of the cost! They change their flavors daily; but you can sign up with your favorite flavors and get an alert when they have it. I'm a big fan of their fruit flavors - Mango; banana; pear; and cherry. Root beer with vanilla is also delicious; but isn't available as often as some of the others. I tried their cakes for the first time this weekend. I was disappointed to learn they didn't make them in the store (like they do the ice); but the cakes tasted great and all of my party guests enjoyed it.
Our first time here was in August; 2012. I ordered the ahi dinner; I can't remember what my b/f ordered.  Let me say the ahi was highly recommended by our waiter.  The ahi had zero taste; had poor texture and it was like eating rubber.  My boyfriend didn't even finish his dish. When asked how our dinners were; we were both honest only to have the waiter say; sorry to hear that. can I get you the dessert menu?  Um; no.  We always give restaurants at least 2 trys.  We went there again New Years Eve (12/31/12). It was busy; but no wait.  They had a new menu of specials and I decided to try the sirloin and lobster tail.  It was highly recommended by our waitress as THE best lobster tail she's ever had...  She recommended the macadamia crusted mahi mahi to my boyfriend.  We ordered sweet potato fries as an appetizer.  20 minutes later; we still didn't have the fries.  25 minutes later; one of the managers comes to tell us he's sorry; but I ordered the last lobster tail in the restaurant and the chef burned it on the grill.  (Note: it was the first time in my life I ordered lobster tail; go figure).  He recommended the jumbo prawns instead; which I agreed to.  I also asked if we could get our sweet potato fries in 2012.  2 minutes later; our fries come.  3 minutes later; our entrees come (he says he took the prawns from somebody else's dish so we didn't have to wait any longer.)  The prawns were so-so; my steak was very overcooked; my b/f's mahi mahi was dry and flavorless; and my garlic potatoes were on the verge of cold.  At this point; we just wanted to leave so didn't bother sending it all back for bad flavor and temperature. All this being said; the service was good and they were honest with what was going on.  Our appetizer was comped because it took 30 minutes; and my entree was comped for obvious reasons.  No dessert this time either.  After 2 tasteless meals; we won't be going back.
I've only ordered delivery from David's. I have this unspoken agreement with local restaurants- I will continue to pay them for their food up until the moment that they decide that they don't want my money. There are myriad ways to get this point across- they could bring my food half an hour late with no explanation or apology; which of course means cold food. They could also change the quality of food for the worse; that's a big one. They could also overcharge me and refuse to apologize for their mistake. However; it seems that David's Hamburgers and Mexican Food wants me to continue to give them money; because the quality of the food is consistent and delicious; the delivery is right around the proposed time; and the customer service is perfect. I will continue to shove your food into the lowest hole in my head at this rate.Also- their hot pastrami sandwich is the best I've had on this bloody coast.
I went here with my family; it was pretty good; definitely not what i was expecting as in order and get your food and grab a seat type deal. Thought there was more table service; BUT it is good how it is.I really did like all the options and customizability (think i just made that up); for the pizzas.This place easily could have been a 5 star for me; but the pizza didn't hit out of the park. It was a nice triple; but no home run. Still it is one of the better pizza places in town i have visited; but not enough to overthrow the crown. Fun place to come in the afternoon for a lunch with some friends. Very casual feel. I like how they have a guy directing traffic in the parking lot. if not it'd be a mad house.
Took a family archery lesson on the Saturday after Christmas. Really enjoyed the woman who gave the lesson - showed us what we needed to know and had a good sense of humor. Looking at the schedules they have a lot going on there which is great to see for the sport.
Great service; clean quiet atmosphere and not corporate.
I have been ordering from Fairytale for corporate gifts for a few years; and decided to order some gift sets on sale to be delivered in time for a New Year's Eve celebration. As such; I chose their expedited shipping which their website ordering system said would arrive on Monday; Dec 31st. I didn't recover on the 31st and sent an email to their customer service asking what happened. They responded that their records only showed that they would deliver ASAP; that it would be delivered on Jan 2nd due to the holiday and asked me if I would like to cancel the order. I let them know that I would be able to find a good use for the treats in spite of them not arriving in time but that they should probably check their ordering system to make sure it was giving the right info. I heard nothing back; and fully expected to be nibbling on goodies on the 2nd... no goodies arrived. I called their customer service number on the 3rd to find out what had happened to the order. The rep said that the records showed I cancelled the shipping of the order and that was instead going to pick them up. Huh? She then said that she would have to have customer service call me back tomorrow to take care of the issue because she wasn't authorized. Huh? I thought I was calling customer service. I told her to go ahead and have someone call me but this was really too much trouble to go through for cookies/brownies.  Very poor experience.
i'm more of a motel 6/super 8 kind of guy. a place to sleep and shower. plus; when we had a dog; those were 2 of the only reasonable chains to accept dogs. since the dog is no longer with us; i splurged for an evening after taking the wife to tanger outlets. it's only a short walk from the outlet mall and situated right off the freeway. that being said; it was so quiet. peacefully quiet. the bed was soft and comfy. the bathroom had a giant shower; plenty of shower; and blissful hot water; as well as nice soaps and shampoos. the free breakfast was well-rounded. waffles; omelettes; hard boiled eggs; bagesl; muffins; fresh fruit; oatmeal; and good coffee. excellent free breakfast. a very nice hotel; within walking distance to the arena; shops; and restaurants of the area.
It is simple.  The best ingredients put together in the best possible way.  The menu is very limited so don't take a picky eater here.  The bread is amazing.Love to go there for lunch to get a sandwich; and now they are open for dinner where you can get a pizza without having to brave the craziness of Pizzeria Bianco.
Every time I have entered this establishment; I am a bit dusty and untidy in my appearance. (Hiking the peak nearby manages to make me look less than serene). On my last visit;  I see sidelong glances my way from patrons who look casually elegant; as I ask for a table for 2 for where ever and when ever available.  There was a wait for the warm interior; but lucky for me;  the patio had no wait; as the temperature outside was very cold.  I was nice and comfy with the patio heater and my sweats.  This is a casual place; but my dusty hiking clothing may be too casual for some of the patrons; so sitting outside was nice.As for the burgers; well; I have not had one I did not like.  The last burger I ordered was The Ringer - Applewood Smoked Bacon; Frank's Red Hot Onion Rings; Pepperjack Cheese & Mayo.  We substituted the mayo with avocado; then asked for it to be cooked medium.  It was perfectly cooked with a nice pink middle.  MmMmMmOf course we had to order a side of truffle fries.  Luckily one portion is good enough to share.  I like dipping them in their chipotle mayo.My server was upbeat and friendly.  However; She did forget to deliver 2 place settings.  Before I can make her aware of the problem; she was gone.  I just shrugged it off and dove right into the food.  Who needs the extra set of silverware in a burger place; and heck even the napkin when you are too busy stuffing your face?  I did need a knife to spread my chipotle mayo evenly on my bun; but I fixed that by using some fries.I will be back to try the breakfast burger.  But since I consider this a good reward after hiking;  I will be back in my dusty hiking boots!
Some people have said that this place serves the best Chinese food in the Valley.  Others say it sucks.  I have an opinion between the two extremes.Being from the San Francisco Bay Area; I have had a lot of Chinese food of all qualities and types.  This stuff was pretty mediocre; middle of the road stuff.  The place really does have the look of a 1970s Chinese joint as has been said by other reviewers.  They also have that little mini grill lit by sterno that they put on the table so you can cook meat on a stick (or burn it if you are not careful).  They don't have that back home. . .Sure; I'd eat there again some time; but this place can't compete even with the average Chinese restaurant in the Bay Area.  You will get a plate of quite edible food here for your dollar; will get good; attentive service; and will leave full--just don't expect anything special in terms of taste.
We had an awful experience here where we were accused of driving by and scratching their brand new shuttle. We used to go here all the time and would recommend this place because they are fairly cheap and close to the airport. But after meeting with all their management from this incident and wasting an hour of our time for a false accusation; we would never go back. The police even got involved and said that there was absolutely no way we could have physically scratched their shuttle. Management was not accomodating or apologetic at all for wasting our time. I only feel that this is necessary to say is because I really hope that they do not victimize another innocent person just so that the shuttle driver does not have to take money out of their own paycheck for scratches.
Love this spot. My favorite item to order is the traditional eggs benedict. Seriously by far the best I have had. Pancakes and french toast is also fantastic. Everything else I have no clue because I consistantly order the benedict!
I looked this subway a lot it has a drive their and they deliver. The food has been good every time I eat there.
I decided I had to finally remove a star from my beloved Essence. I still love you; though. I don't even cheat on your macarons when I'm in Paris. Seriously; I'm not even tempted because I know I can go home and fill my mouth with your creamy delicious centers surrounded by a crunchy-chewy cookie later. Now that we have that established ...What is up with the service? The other day I was on hold for so long I gave up. Sometimes the line is practically out the door and no one moves any faster than if there was just one customer in front of them. Hell; sometimes the second person behind the counter ignores the line until they are done with what people in the biz call side work. And the whole writing my coffee order on a post-it that no one reads? Yeah; that is not working. I know you guys are busy and it can be hard to juggle the rush; but sometimes I think maybe a little pep in your step would really help with that issue. Also; probably not a good idea to rely on the mythical creature that is supposed to read those post-its and pour coffee into a glass (he doesn't exist).  Can I just say one last thing ... the owner reminds me of a female Gordon Ramsay. When she comes out from the back; even I get scared. That woman is formidable. Don't get me wrong; this is a compliment. The woman is the shit and I am terrified of her. If she taught a cooking class; I'd take it and probably leave crying.5 stars for the food; I could eat it every day. 5 stars for the hardcore bitch behind it all.3 stars for the sense of urgency no one has during a rush. Let's call it a 4.
Came in today for lunch with a group of 10 people. We're part of a Sushi Meetup group that travels all over the valley. We found Kiku Sushi had good sushi; is reasonably priced; and had very attentive service. We will be including Kiku on our rotation and will be back in the near future for dinner. Interested in joining a group of people who have the love of sushi as a common interest? Check out our website at:http://www.meetup.com/sushilicious/
This is a high-end market.  You can get sushi-grade tuna; fine cuts of meat; various gourmet prepared foods; etc.  Plus their cafe is better than what you usually find in a grocery.  And they have a sushi bar.  And a really good soup bar.You can find most items you would find in a normal grocery; but higher-end.  Better quality.Pricey; but very good stuff.
Ok; let's start with what this hotel IS NOT:It was officially NOT designed by Frank Lloyd Wright. The architect of record is Albert McArthur; though he sought advice from FLW on the block system that was stylishly used on the place to great effect. But...there are obvious FLW influences throughout the property (especially in the main building lobby); and  (because FLW was a true ****) he said in public that this is McArthur's design while privately trying to take credit. That being said; I am an FLW fan and was lucky enough to spend a lot of time in one of his Paradise Valley homes...and this place has just enough vibe to it to make anyone seeking the FLW feel be happy. Ok; I digress...If you are looking for a sparkly clean; no cracks; built in 2012; all amenities resort...don't come here. This property is old school charm and elegance to the max. The thing it doesn't (and shouldn't) have is that extra something preferred by 30-ish middle America d-bags that only comes with a hip spa that paints your lady's toenails with American flags. Gross. This property is for anyone who appreciates old school luxury. The main building's classic rooms are throwbacks. They aren't huge; the windows aren't perfectly sealed; you can hear a bit of your posh neighbors' conversations...but in this setting; wouldn't you want to?The grounds are stunning and gorgeous and the staff was impeccable. I checked in and; after being asked twice if I was there for a special occasion; was given a free upgrade (to my already discounted December rate) to a suite overlooking the hills with a near private swimming pool. Problem was: it was TOO BIG for the two of us and we didn't want to be by the lovely tennis courts...we wanted the action. So they seamlessly transitioned us into one of the much smaller main building rooms. Bliss. Within an hour of checking in to our new room; a knock came...behind the knock was a man delivering a bottle of sparkling wine; two flutes and a plate of six huge chocolate covered strawberries. Also on the tray was a note from the front desk guy (Frankie - you rock!) congratulating us on our celebration and expressing his hope that we liked the new room. Come on; that's a class move. Anyway; we immediately went downstairs; ordered a Monte Carlo and a perfect Manhattan; sat by the fire pit and watched the sun go down behind the gorgeous Camelback Mountain - all the time feeling more and more like Spencer Tracey and Katherine Hepburn than a regular LA couple out to visit the 'rents. Old school luxe; charm and hospitality...low d-bag quotient. I love you; Biltmore; even if Frank Lloyd Wright wasn't your principal architect...
Great deep dish Chicago-style pizza; wonderful fresh salads and a great atmosphere make Nello's a local staple pizzeria. Staff is friendly; prices are right; and you can take advantage of M-F lunch special - $10 for a mini 2-topping pizza; salad; and large drink. It's a lot of food for a great price. This place is very kid friendly as well - they have a nice kid's menu with plenty of options; or they can simply eat of your order!
Unique food - I had the Chop Salad; Short Ribs & took home some of the Bacon Peanut Brittle to try later. Each of the dishes were unique but very tasty.
The happy hour was better than I expected! Love this place.
So originally I loved taking my son to Children's Campus Too..  Up until they had to move locations to 43rd Ave and Thomas.  This area is horrible and the office is disgusting and very UNCLEAN!!!  After moving to this location; I noticed that the children were always sick and the staff wouldn't stick to the sick policy.  My son was enrolled in a total of three and half months.  He was ill six different times two in which required overnight hospitalization.  He ranged from getting a cold that required antibiotics to pink eye to coming down with an infection that included at 104 degree fever.  Unfortunately; this place on Camelback and 32nd Street I would highly recommend; but since closing the doors there; and moving all of the kids to Children's Campus on Thomas; I wouldn't recommend you take your child there.
Ermahgerd; it's Taco Tuesday!!.. Monday; and Wednesday.  Genuine soft or hard taco's with corn tortillas for a buck; three days out of the week?  I'm sold!  I tried the shredded beef; the ground beef; as well as the chicken tacos.. they were amazing! And if you are more a fan of street tacos; they got those too.. maybe next review i will talk about their burritos.
Love their sandwiches and soups. It's a little over priced in the way I spend 15 dollars and I am hungry later. I have ate at much healthier cheaper places. However if I had to choose between say mickey d or here. I would go here. It's never a miss ; but always a unreasonable hit on my pocket book.
It's tough to be impartial after all the hype this place got; but alas; I wasn't that impressed.  I think part of the problem with the ambiance is the squawk factor.  It felt like the majority of the patrons there thought they were filming an episode of Sex & The City.  That said; it's only a minor drawback.  We got the olives; as an appetizer; and they delivered.  The prices on their wine / beer selection were reasonable and also spot on.  The bruschetta is their specialty - and two of the four we chose were really good.  I will say; that quite possibly; the best thing they serve is their BLT bruschetta - way good and something I will crave.  The classic (mozzarella / basil / tomato) needed a little more balsamic & a little less salt.  The brie / apple just needed more brie and it would have been amazing.  The prosciutto / fig one was just forgettable.We got the roast beef sandwich on ciabatta to share; and here lies the bulk of the trouble.  The bread had good flavor; but it felt like it had fallen in a tub of dust prior to being served (too much excess flour).  The sauce was cloyingly sweet; and their chips were soggy and tasted like they had been cooked ten hours prior.The service was just fine - and if we had stumbled upon this place; without all the hype / build up; it probably would have deserved a four.  So; IF we go back; it will be for their Monday / Tuesday night special - which is four of their bruschettas + one bottle of wine for $20 - tough to beat.
Le Chalet is my favorite restaurant ever.  I just love La Potence (The Hanging Man).  The tenderloin is always cooked to perfection and the dipping sauces are awesome!  If I had my way; I'd be there at least twice a week.  The staff is super friendly and we always feel very much welcomed.  There has been a time or two where we had to wait a bit for service; but I don't fault the wait staff for that.  Just look around.  The place can be jam packed and there my only be one waitress running herself ragged to serve customers promptly.  We never care since it is obvious that the wait staff can be overwhelmed from time to time.  We just sit back and enjoy the Mont Pellier Pinot Noir and enjoy the conversation.  If anyone complains about slow service; just imagine yourself trying to do her job.  Good luck with that.  I would highly recommend trying this restaurant.  My wife and I normally go at off hours for the best experience.  The lunch and dinner rushes can be quite crowded.  We never leave there hungry and usually take some home.
I was so excited when I received my invitation to this last Yelp Elite Event of 2012.  Lindsey and Tanzy staff really did splendid job!  Tanzy staff did a wonderful job serving and were very gracious and considerate throughout the evening. The champagne; wines; apps and many entrees kept coming all throughout the night were so delicious.  If it wasn't time to start the gift exchange; I might just have kept eating.  The gift exchange is already hilarious. I just wanted to give a BIG Thank You to the peeps who got my gift.  You know who you are.  If one gift wasn't enough; we all received a goodie bag from Tanzy with a shaker and iPic passes.  Wow! Thanks for a fabulous evening!  I look forward to seeing you again soon.
Ended up at the duce on NYE right before the ball dropped. They were serving hot cereal; Skillet scrambles; baked pancakes and hot coffee drinks along with all the other goodies they create in their 65' Airstream trailer turned kitchen and cocktails from behind the bar of what the owner told us used to service Chicagoans before; during and after prohibition. This place is to cool for school.  Everybody that worked there was donned in pajamas; robes and slippers as were many of what appeared to be duce regulars. Food; cocktails; old school gym; amazing clothing store; ping pong; shuffle board and corn hole...or as they call it...duce bag. best NYE ever!!!
My friend and I came here for her 50th birthday to get our hair and make up done and we couldn't have been more thrilled with the results! Marlene and Kasey were absolutely brilliant and they worked wonders with our hair. We told them what we were looking to have any they did it better than we could have even imagined. Unfortunately; I'm not from Scottsdale but if I was; these girls would be my preferred stylists! Thank you so much; Kasey and Marlene!
My parents and I are regulars. The food and family are awesome. Get the Pasta Alex!!!
I remember going to Maggiano's in Chicago when I was little; but being a picky little kid eater who didn't like sit-down restaurants; I was never a big fan. After years of growing to love Italian food; and trying many Italian restaurants in Phoenix and on the East coast; this Maggiano's is now my favorite Italian restaurant. The food is absolutely phenomenal. I could eat it every day (and the only other Italian food that I could eat every day is my mom's). This is incredibly convenient because Maggiano's offers the buy one; take one home free entrees. Each of these two meals is really big enough  for TWO meals (if you have the self-restraint to not bust through your pants); so I end up eating Maggiano's 4 times for $12.95.I LOVE garlic; onions; basil; and lots of flavor; and Maggiano's definitely delivers on this.I love the way Maggiano's is set up; and have loved every drink I've tried there. Maggiano's has been the restaurant I always pick for special occasions. I would say that the lasagna is my all-time favorite. Order that!!
great place to go the people are freindly and the cashier madison h did a great job so did manager lance  way to go
So I had the Chicken Teriyaki Bowl It was pretty good was Impressed Better then other Chicken Teriyaki Bowls I've had. The atmosphere was nice to real clean; Staff seem friendly. I will go back
Great little small town bar. Good service; good drinks; good prices; pool; darts and music.
Pretty fast delivery. Definitely cheaper than UPS; from my experience.
we went to eat at desert ridge and i wanted to make a plate with my daughter for Christmas... prices are a bit higher then i remember but i like the new plate shapes and sizes. my sister was with us and made some mugs for Christmas presents. it didn't take that long to decorate and we picked it up a few days later right before Christmas. will definitely be going back again when shes older to be able to paint her own piece. the staff was friendly and it was pretty busy when we picked up the stuff so it took a bit with one girl only at the register.
It's hard to say much more after so many people have raved about the place before you; so let's keep it short and sweet. Good food and drink at great prices; served by really gracious staff in a comfortable; casual atmosphere. In a city where good Mexican food is found in abundance; the fare here easily stands above the rest. I'm getting a really strong craving for their tacos and elote  even as I type this review; so I presume there will be yet  another visit to Gallo Blanco real soon.
Phoenix Dent Repair is GREAT place to get your car back to its former glory!  They come to your place at your convenient time.  Jordan came out to take huge dent out of my Accord. He did a great job and very professionally!  Not your typical car guy.If you have a ding or dent; give these guys a try!
Popped in here one day while The Better Half was doing some antique shopping down the street. What a lucky day that was! I consider myself a Craft Beer enthusiast; not an expert....so don't be too hard on my review. I think this joint just opened in Oct; and it looked very new. I browsed the menu board and decided to try:Buzz Bomb IPA; $6 pinthttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/desert-eagle-brewery-mesa?select=DR5zoM94SO2fH4Y-mRBhrA#DR5zoM94SO2fH4Y-mRBhrAPomegranate Wheat; $6 pinthttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/desert-eagle-brewery-mesa?select=93i2Y7h5xIkt2mHuPjN25g#93i2Y7h5xIkt2mHuPjN25gThey were both awesome; but my fav was the Pomegranate Wheat. I enjoyed it so much that I bought a Growler ($35) for the road.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/desert-eagle-brewery-mesa?select=bclK6U1ybEtZweVHeuylJA#bclK6U1ybEtZweVHeuylJAThey don't serve food here; but allow you to bring your own in. There's a Pizza joint next door and a couple of other restaurants nearby in case you get the munchies. If you don't feel like getting off your bar stool; they have Bar Snack Mix for you to munch on....although it won't be enough to fill you up; at least not with an appetite like mine. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/desert-eagle-brewery-mesa?select=I6m_-zkwBDWwWBjRwG82Kg#I6m_-zkwBDWwWBjRwG82KgThe staff was super friendly and helpful.  I hope they make it.Return Factor - 97%
Great place especially if you bring the whole clan and get the meat and veg combo plates to share. Very nice server as well. Lemoncello cake was the only disappointment; just a basic lemon cake.
Yesterday; our sushi quest brought us to downtown Scottsdale; where Dozo seemed like the most promising option.  I didn't think it would be top tier sushi on the way over; and the unassuming exterior of the building certainly didn't raise any expectations.  But some of the best sushi bars have humble exteriors; so this didn't deter us.We started with the miso soup; which was average; and made our order: pork belly; salmon kama; albacore tataki sashimi; escolar sashimi; mackerel sushi; amaebi sushi; and salmon roe.The pork belly was pretty good.  Not my favorite; but definitely tasty enough.  The salmon kama was decent; the kama is always my favorite part of the fish; and this did not disappoint.  Turns out I slightly prefer yellowtail kama; however (which they had); but that's because I like cooked yellowtail more than cooked salmon.The escolar sashimi was disappointing - they garnished it with pickled jalapenos and tobiko; with a touch of ponzu; I would have much rather had it ungarnished; or at least sans jalapeno.  I like the flavor of escolar; and if I'm going to risk the diarrheaic side effects of escolar; I want to really taste it.  The albacore tataki; on the other hand; was superb.As far as the sushi goes; the shrimps were good; along with their fried heads.  The mackerel and salmon roe were pretty average; which I guess is not a bad thing.Finally; we finished with the tempura ice cream; which was the best tempura ice cream I have had in Phoenix.  I probably said that two weeks ago after having it at Hiro Sushi; but this one was even better.  Solid B+ on the tempura ice cream.It also turns out this place is reasonably priced.  I have paid over twice as much for sushi on several occasions; and rarely spend less.  Hard not to appreciate this place; when they give you reasonably good sushi for such a reasonable price.
What an amazing hotel!Brand new hotel with an amazing staff. Truly one of the best experiences I've had. A wonderful bar and restaurant downstairs; and room service well into the night. As a singer; I asked for a humidifier and they offered it complimentary. Wonderful location; lots of bars and restaurants nearby.
Worst gel manicure I have ever had.  She destroyed my nails when taking the polish off.  She clipped my skin and then smiled at me.  And the next day the polish was literally peeling off.  Bad service + bad results = bad review.  I was hoping to like it since it is in the neighborhood.
I have been here on three separate occasions.  First; my fiance had some friends that came to visit here; the second time was dinner with a friend and the last time was a company event.  I never left this place impressed and for the dollar; there are a lot better places to visit.Meal:  I have had the ribs; ribeye; and burger here.  I almost always have a mason jar full of beer!  Taste:  It isn't that the food is bad; but its expensive for what you pay for it.  I wouldn't grade the quality of the meal any better than say an Applebees or Chilis.  It is medium quality food that has been crafted more towards pleasing simple appetites and a board base instead of really striving for something wonderful.  7 out of 10.Value: Meal is overpriced given the quality of the meal.  Portions wise; its ok.  But if I am paying for near Ruth's Chris or Flemmings prices; I expect better meals than what I received in the past.  2 out of 5.Service/Cleanliness:  I have never had bad service here but I haven't had service that really stood out either.  7 out of 10.Atmosphere:  This is what makes Rusler's Rooste Rustler's Rooste.  The views of the city are amazing.  Even though I dislike country; the live bands make the experience enjoyable.  And how could I forget the slide?  I do take the slide to the dinning area every time I go.  And those who don't are schmucks!  5 out of 5.Overall:  I could take it or leave this place.  I am not upset that I got a meal here; but I am not planning my next trip.  I think the only reason I would go back is if a friend or family member from out of town really wanted a different; unique Phoenix dining experience.  But if you are willing to pay an extra $10 per plate for an exceptional meal; I recommend taking that option instead of going to Rustler's Rooste.  20 out of 30 points; 4 out of 5 stars.
Fajita enchiladas are great.
First time we went here & we loved it! We sat at the bar top & up came the owner;  Ron;  which he sat next to another gentleman next to us. He chatted with him; then begin talking with us & I will tell ya; what a nice guy! I got a scrambled eggs/ham & pancakes & my Husband got the 49 ers pancake; both were delicious!  The only reason I gave it a 4; was the wait on food; however it was New Years Day. Great breakfast! We'll be back.
We own a 2012 Ford 250 and needed some assistance with a tailgate that was mangled by our fifth wheel hitch. It was DOA but the folks were very understanding and didn't make any jokes til we left. Someday it might seem funny to us too; but anyway...terrific place and we will return; hopefully for normal maintenance.
Big screens. Horribly dirty... I don't even want to set my purse on the nasty seat next to me. We watched people exit the theater with cleaning supplies; but walked in to litter covered floors and trash in cup holders. Yuck
I signed up just to review (been thinking about it for a while now; since my hubby is a chef) and rate my experience the other night with the Maricopa Rosati's. I had a VERY similar situation to the review that is currently filtered. Rude service; I was hung up on by the so-called Asst. Manager after I called to express that my pizza was burnt. I was so appalled that I called back and spoke to yet another manager who told me that I would have to track down the owner and he only provided me with his first name Scott. The only reason I upgraded to a 2 star; is because when my husband went in to return our burnt pizza; they actually made it to our specificiations. Rosati's is usually my pizza of choice; but the Maricopa location is sub-par.
New to Arizona; Chelsea's Kitchen was a suggestion from a family friend that lived in the area. I looked at the menu online and wasn't too excited about it; but my husband and I decided to try it anyways. Wow; I'm glad we did! We had Caesar salads to start; he had the pork tacos; I had the grilled salmon for dinner; and for dessert he had the key lime pie; while I tried the chocolate pavé. Everything was delicious! The chocolate pavé I took home with me and it took a couple nights to finish it was so rich! So good though.
I have been a fan and customer of Benihana for many years; which makes this review so sad to write.  I was totally unimpressed with our meal.  The chef at the table just went through the motions and it was nothing too special.  He under cooked my wife's shrimp and did not even cut my steak good.There are better options available if you would like to dine out for Teppanyaki.So Sad...
Love the location. Location is everything to my husband and I. Close to 2 parks; 2 coffee shops; Pita Jungle; a Japanese Friendship Garden; First Friday Art walk; and some charming historic districts. This place definitely has a nice neighborhood feeling; and we like living in the middle of it all. Our dog loves the park; as well as meeting lots of other doggie friends. Downtown is central; so even though I work in the east valley and my husband works in the west valley; neither of our commutes are very long. We live on the top floor and have a wonderful view. Wood floors in the kitchen and bathroom are very nice. When people come to visit they almost always remark about the wonderful greenery and architecture of the area; which is what attracted us to it in the first place. They are not your typical beige; stucco Phoenix apartments.After living here for a year; there have been some minor complaints. People drive very quickly in the parking garage in the C building; which makes for some scary encounters at times. There was even someone skateboarding in there that actually ran into our car. The solution would be to put some mirrors on each wall so that people can see each other coming around the tight corners. Don't know why they aren't there already.Another complaint would be that our neighbors were playing loud; obnoxious music several nights in a row. But this could happen anywhere; it's not the apartment's fault.They have recently made some updates to the front office; the courtyards and the public spaces that are very nice. We just signed up for another years' lease; so I will update after that.
I got my first ever pedicure here.  Wow!  I loved this place.  The massage chairs are worth $28 bucks alone.  Guys are welcome and I would recommend this to any guy.  Ask for Kyi ... she was awesome at her craft.  I'll definitely be back!
I took my friend from Mexico here and she just laughed at me. This is such an American thing to do; she said; taking the most unhealthy things from different cultures; then smothering them with cheese. I didn't hear any complaints in that sentence; really. Chino Bandido is an all-American idea. It's like a bacon and peanut butter sandwich; a deep fried oreo; a Coney Island hot dog eating contest. It's just genius. The jade red chicken on it's own is wonderful; but pairing it with black beans or putting it in a gooey cheese quesadilla just enhances the whole experience. And; though my foreign friend laughed; she was happy to box up the leftovers for the next day!I think the icing on top of this patriotic cake was really the warm snickerdoodle that comes with every meal. My friends have this crazy rule that you smash the cookie with your fist; because it's really fluffy and it makes it bigger if you squish it down a little. There's really no science behind it; but maybe we can start a trend?This is a true Phoenix essential; and a silly and fun place to take out-of-towners; or just yourself when the mood strikes!
I love this church; near the light rail and really pretty. It actually looks like a cathedral. Lots of parking; pretty inside and really clean. Mass at 5pm on a Sunday.
A friend told us about good South Indian food at Woodlands and she was right. It's a fast food place so if you are looking for a fancy restaurant this is not it. But if you are looking for good food; efficient and polite service in a family setting; you've found it.We ordered South Indian Thalli. It was great. The rasam was to die for.Definitely recommended and we're definitely going back to try the rest of the menu!
Imagine the perfect place to chill in an airport.... now; imagine Sauce- Pizza & Wine and forget the airline lounge!True; we live in a world of imperfection.  I had to request a menu in order to take my time and order as they don't offer a waiting service.  However; after ordering the food and drinks; I was quite satisfied.  Drinks were very reasonable and the food was excellent.  I highly recommend the Mediterranean pizza (Basil; tomatoes; and cheese) and the Bruschetta.  The Pizza is thin but enough to split for two and the Bruschetta is voluptuous; with drizzled Balsamic Vinaigrette to die for!When ordering another beer; I didn't expect the cashier to start flirting with me (a bit unprofessional if you ask me); but they got the job done.Overall; it is with genuine enthusiasm that I suggest dumping the airline lounge for Sauce - Pizza & Lounge!
The Blue Hound at the hip and stylish Palomar Hotel made me howl with happiness.  Will you have to drop some significant green at The Blue?  Sure. But the service on the night I visited was pristine and attentive.  Presentation fantastic.  Interesting mixture of colors; flavors; and textures all around.  I will say that the roast cauliflower appetizer was a tad too undercooked for my taste; but the combination with pistachios and raisins was an nice blend of flavors.  If you're looking for a delightfully swanky downtown dinner and cocktail spot; this place is it.
Loved that they did not try to gouge me! They took care of our cat; will be watching him if and when we every head out of town. Liked them so much I took a pic with the doc that is the storefront photo.
Cold burgers and fries. Order was messed up. Drinks are good. Called manager (Kaley) to complain. Excellent service on that front. She offered to credit the entire meal. Waited for CC bill and it was indeed taken off.
I had never eaten at Nathan's before and I was really in the mood for a hot dog. Plus; like everyone else says there's not much of a choice when you've reached this stage in the race to your gate. My husband; son; and myself all ordered chili dogs; fries; and a drink. That tallied out to about $26 dollars give or take which is outrageous but not totally unexpected for airport food. After I got the bill and my stroke we sat down and tried to eat this swill. Which is exactly what it is! The cheese for the hot dogs is nacho cheese; is that normal? Is that something that's done in life? Anyway; and the crinkle fries were greasy and totally tasteless. There was nothing at all redeeming about this place. I always try to avoid eating at the airport but if'n I have to it will never be at Nathans Famous Hotdogs. One last thing; who in the heck serves chili dogs but doesn't offer a place to sit?
They were suppose to open up at 7:30; went there early to try to get my oil change; Manager was having car trouble so on of the employees came over and said they wouldn't be open until around 8:15.  Called back around 8:10 and asked if they had time for an oil change; they said we are booked for until noon but you can come drop in but may take 2 hours for an oil change.  They give out this 17.99 coupon for oil change but then they either have you waiting for hours and then try to upsell you.  I can't stand midas.
Love this place! Get row F if you can!Okay; so you can get groupons all the time for like $6 which includes a non alcoholic beverage!  That's a deal!  Even if not; go on Ladies night or late at night and it's still a deal!  The cool thing is that they have these little love nest type chairs where if you go you can cuddle.  Downside is if you're alone and sit there you might be closer to a stranger than you wanna be!  You get a little slide table in front of you if you're in certain rows.  Then other rows are made up of a counter with office chairs.  You decide where you want to sit (assigned) so that it's kinda nice and forces me to go ahead of time to get row F in the middle!Once seated you can look at your menu (Oh; yes; they have a full menu!) and then when ready you press your little button and BAM!  Waiter comes to you.  Their Iced Tea is very good and I can even get a gluten Free pizza for just a bit more than a normal restaurant would charge.  NOTE:  If you're in a packed movie; I'd forgo food.  Takes forever to get your food and LONGER for the drink.  Don't know why but you were warned!I usually go after a movie's been out a while and during the week to avoid the crowds.  Did I mention there's a full bar in the lobby?  YUP.  Really; why would you go anywhere else?
I luckily work near by the phoenix museum; so decided to walk with a co-worker for lunch one day.  It's a nice short walk from our office and hte walk through the museum is a small treat.I wish I could write about more than just a bowl of soup; but it was a delicious bowl of soup at the very least.  I ordered the butternut squash bisque.  It was very tasty and enough to keep me satisfied for the rest of the day.Our server was very friendly and attentive.  The restaurant was quite full for being a weekday at lunch.  I will be back.
I've had meals here; and food taste great. Prices are god; and if you go for lunch you should get the combo.  Try their Garlic Shrimp and Teriyaki Chicken as well as the Hot & Sour Soup. Sushi is good too and at very reasonable price; my daughter loves their mango smoothies.
It was clean; they got my order right however the food didn't taste as good as I remembered. Lastly they had two large LCD TV's going it was quite loud; when I asked a employee if they could turn down the TV she said they don't have that control and walked away. If I want to watch TV I'll stay home and watch what I want to not some crap they feed us to watch. Take the TV's out of fast food and restaurants.
Great  helpful people; lots of wine BUT not a lot of hard to find; highly rated or verticles.  I buy some stuff from them but tend to go to the Village Wine Cellar in Scottsdale for the top end wines.
Prior to this visit; I had not been to Gyros Express for approximately eight years. I remembered the food being good quality and flavorful. For this visit; I met two friends for lunch. Food - Poor. The quality was lacking. It did not seem like a good quality product and lacked the complexity of good greek food. I ordered the Gyro and was very disappointed. The cost was FAR too high for the product received; which did not compare to others I have had. We also split an order of hummus which I thought lacked seasoning and had an off putting texture. Service - Poor. We were the only patrons in the restaurant for most of our visit; but could not get the attention of the waiter. He did not refill our drinks; and was very slow to take our order and bring our food. Ambiance - The restaurant is very basic and somewhat rundown inside. Certainly not what you would expect in central Scottsdale. My friends and I do not anticipate going back to this restaurant any time soon.
We arrived in Phoenix and needed lunch before heading to Flagstaff; so we found this place on Yelp. What a find! It's located not far from the airport so that is really convenient. It's small and parking is limited; but it was raining (!) and so we were able to grab the last parking spot. Our food was nothing short of stupendous. They start you out with free ceviche on a mini tostado; and it is delicious. I got the enchilada jaiba (with crab) and it was really good; with red chile sauce. The wife got the camaron (shrimp) culichi with green chile sauce. We each ate about half of our meal and then traded because I love green chile and she loves red chile. I must say; I got the better of the trade! The green chile sauce was nothing short of orgasmic; just fantastically deliciously awe-inspiringly good. I could eat that sauce on a shoe and be happy. The rice and beans were also excellent; way above the typical non-descript flavor; and each meal also came with a salad! What a deal. We were so happy that Yelpers turned us on to this place. Whenever I am in Phoenix for whatever reason; I am heading back to this place!
I love Rubio's fish/shrimp/langostino tacos and burritos; but I love their chopped salads even more!  A week doesn't go by that I'm not  in line ordering up something for a delicious Rubio's takeout dinner. Yum Yum!
First; we asked for quiet table - so we could talk to each other - and they delivered. For that - I am grateful as it made the dinner (five of us) so much better. We enjoyed the conversation! Second; the food was perfect. Third; the service was perfect. I'm a huge fan of this location.
This place is pretty good; The company itself has been around for a few years now. This store has been here a few years.The bad thing is they built it right accross the street from the Football Stadium. So on days when there is a game; the traffic is crazy!  From all directions.We made the mistake of going there on a day that there was a game; and now as well they have Tanger shopping outlets next door. Too much traffic; too much in one small area.Anyway; the good things are; it is a huge store with a lot of things for outdoor fun. They have a lot for the kids to see as well. When we went they had free photos with Santa; He is sitting on an ATV; not in a throne or anything. But; it is free and that is always a blessing in these tough times. Santa was located in the Natural Museum; which is also free. Another great thing for the kids. They had free letters to Santa; coloring; and other little craft things for kids.There is an archery and a Riffle field for kids to shoot for fun; just like the old Rawhide as well.Some things are really high priced; but good quaility.They have a little cafeteria type cafe. They sell certain wild animal meats.  Also; a great little candy store with Fudge(about 20 kinds) that they make right there on the premise.This is a place you can spend hours in; and really enjoy yourself.The staff is very helpful; there was a girl named Sterfanie that really went out of her way to find us a good Dog bed.It is an interesting place and it can be very educational as well;I highly recommend it.
I've been here twice now and I'm torn on how many stars to give. The first time I really liked the carwash. It was quick and easy and left my car clean. I also really like all the marketing material they use - the punch card says something along the lines of 'We'd really love to see you again - are we moving too fast for you?' I think it's funny; quirky; and catchy. That's why I went back a second time. The second time everything was just as great as before; except right before my car was about to get dried; it got stuck! The track kept trying to push me forward but I wasn't going anywhere. It was scary! I've never had this happen to me before at any car wash. I kept waiting; hoping an attendant would come or a loud speaker would tell me what to do... but nothing. Then I saw a car coming up from behind. I put my car in Drive and drove off. Maybe this was a onetime occurrence or who knows? I'm a little nervous to go back; but that might change.
Useta come here when I lived in AZ.  Great place to watch sports. Their wings are great.  It gets super crowded; so be prepared to stand.Bartending staff can seem pre-occupied; but wait staff on floor gives a good effort.Fatty type typical bar food; but it's a nice haunt.  Their beer selection could use some diversity.Story: Last night in AZ before driving home to Oregon.  My friend and I go to Zipps.  We want the hottest wings they have. They warn us---but we insist.  These are the extra hot wings.  We shared and ate every last one.  But woah; they weren't effing kidding.  Ethiopian; Habanero style heat.  Fun times; but next morning not soo fun.  Be warned.  I love a food challenge; though.
I used to go to Jalapenos many years ago before they had a fire.  My friend and I checked it out tonight and were pleasantly surprised.  The layout is completely different; the menu is much more extensive and expensive ( OK though).  Our waitress JJ was right on the ball with drinks and our food order.  I had the shrimp tacos and they were quite good.  My friend had the seafood enchilada and said it was very good also.  We have one complaint though; and it's a big one for us.  This was something we didn't notice until after we ordered and the food arrived.  The people behind us had a dog in the restaurant and it wasn't a service dog.  The dog was medium sized and in some kind of nylon carrier with screened sides; and an open unzipped top.  When we mentioned to our waitress that it's against the law she said Oh; it's OK it's in a carrier.  That did it for us; we will never go back there again. Instead of 3 or 4 stars we give it a one because of the dog.
We decided to try this place for lunch today and it was okay at best. Its nothing special. Its similar to Elmer's Tacos or Someburro's but I would actually prefer one of those places over this Los Favoritos. Their red hot sauce was odd because I could taste no flavor just the onset of a spiciness. The rice was moist; which was good; and the refried beans were fine. Nothing was awful it just wasn't anything to rave about. The place was clean and the staff was friendly. But since I prefer the tastes of the places listed above I probably won't be back.
So much fun! A perfect night out with the girls :)
Great Cinnabons! The only reason I gave them a 4 star is because they have poor customer service. She never smiled at me.  Near gate A30. 8:15pm.
Great food with very generous portions. Friendly and efficient service; too. Loved the gyros and the baba ghanoush. .
Every single time I walk into this place it's as if they Angels sing!  Make up? Yes please! Fragrance? Yes Please...give me more!  It's all there...in one place! Primers! Lip Stains! Mascara! Liners and brushes! It's like crack for me.  Hi.  My name is Ella and I'm an addict...The gals and guys here are very helpful when I'm searching for a new mascara or fragrance.  I truly appreciate the fact that they will give you samples of any fragrance to take home and try it before you buy it.  This lets me weed out the granny smelling scents from the ones I know will bring the boys to the yard...Make up consultations are always helpful too!  They won't make you look like a triflin' porn star either...I mean; unless that's what you want!
I just bought a used MINI Cooper S and a friend told me to visit Eurotechs for great service and prices with dealer quality repairs. He couldn't have been more right. The topper is the customer service you get from Jerry; the owner. Something that is too often overlooked these days; he seems to treat each customer the way he'd like to be treated. Honest; knowledgeable and a plain ol' nice guy. I highly recommend Eurotechs to anyone looking for quality work; great prices and an enjoyable experience. Let's help keep local businesses like this alive and flourishing.
We flew into Phoenix and decided to eat lunch before we headed to Sedona. We were craving Asian food and decided to give Asian Cafe a try. We ordered; Mongolian beef; spicy Thai chicken; sesame chicken; and sweet and sour chicken. Each entree was accompanied by a scoop of fried rice; a scoop of noodles; an egg roll; a fortune cookie; and a soda. The egg roll was pretty standard fare; but had a nice ginger taste that was unique. The fried rice was quite bland. I am not an Asian noodle fan; so I did not try them. The chicken entrees were all good. All in all; the food was fine. It was very inexpensive ... $4.50 for the whole meal. I was not impressed; however;  with the styrofoam food boxes (dine-in meals  served that way); styrofoam cups and plastic forks and knives. I do not think I would return to or recommend the restaurant as there are many others to choose from in the area .
This location is a bit of a hike from mi casa; but it's worth the drive. In general; I think Sauce is a little pricey for lunch but the price point is perfect for dinner.I usually get the thin crust pizza with sausage; pepperoni; onion and peppers and tell them to hold the mushrooms. The meatball panini is an excellent choice as well. Last time my wife got the Bruschetta which she thought was fabulous. I saw another patron scarfing down the Spaghetti and meatballs; so that's the next item on the menu I'm going to try. I love the casual atmoshere where you can kick back and relax and have a mellow conversation. There's plenty of seating and the parking is plentiful in the evening since the coffee shop next door closes before dinner.
meh the raspberry lavender Popsicle was ok. The pecan one was good. Not the best on a cold night in Tempe.
My boyfriend and I really like their happy hour menu - they have several vegetarian options; which is a nice change. We normally get the lettuce wraps; gardein wings (get the asian sauce; not the buffalo sauce) and then a few other random things.They have an amazing taps selection; and you can get really small portions so that you can try a bunch of different types.It's got a slight upscale pub feel to it. I really like this place; I just wish there were a location closer to downtown Phoenix!
Dirty. This place is ultra nasty. The worst 24 in the usa that I have been to. Have they heard of cleaning vents. They are like molded over and growing with something. (MOSTLY in the spa area) I payed for a lifetime membership with annual extremely low dues; which is absolutely the only reason my husband and I keep our membership. O and we travel quite a bit and they are all over!! If Phoenix az was where I were spending my last days; I would for sure cancel!! I would seriously think these are health violations!
3.5 stars.Swanky place and I've always liked the idea of the movie-grill. Shame is that it usually doesn't execute how you want it to; in one way or another.The food is; expectedly; a little overpriced for what you get. It's pretty good; but not $12 for a burger and fries kind of good. The theater itself is nice and there's plenty of space and counters and swiveling chair-tables that makes the experience easy.The caveat currently is that the service is far from smooth. If you order a burger or something of the like that doesn't require a fork and knife; you won't get a roll. Meaning; you won't get a napkin. Meaning; you either ask for one or get up to wash your hands at the bathroom; because getting a napkin here can be pulling teeth! They also didn't know who ordered what (somehow) and had a disorganized array of employees waltzing around trying to deliver the right plate to the right person smack dab in the opening scenes of the film. Sort of distracting.Overall a fun spot but they need to streamline their system if this experience is going to be 100% pleasant.
I'm a huge fan of this place; love the atmosphere; coffee and bakery!!!! However last time I was there the garage door was open and it was a beautiful winter day.  I enjoyed everything but the second hand smoke coming in the building by the people at the table outside...even one of the workers!!!  I know its a pain in the a#% being a smoker these days; but as a non-smoker I expect a business to have rules about smokers when its an open building.
Love this place! The food is great at a great price. We were surprised on our first visit when the owner Joe came and introduced himself. Then our car battery died and he came out not only jumped our car but took the time to pour baking soda on the wires. Thanks for the great warm service.
Staff is great; food is Okay; this place is just busy and if you have time to kill and just want to get lost in the day; this is the place to go. Pry wont go back.
Bought our Christmas tree here this year and the tree was a great price.  Never knew this farm was here so we checked out the corn maze; chickens; kids play area; petting zoo; and my favorite is the HUGE yellow inflated bouncer.  It must be 50 feet long by 20 feet wide; I had so much fun on this thing with my kids and burned a few calories too.  It was $7 per person (no kid discount) but well worth the 2 hours we spent there before heading home to decorate the tree.
Toys R Us for big kids!  What don't you love about a place that stocks more different choices than any other competitor and routinely trumps them on price.  I'm amazed that others even stay in business when the pricing is never beat by anyone???  Thank you Total Wine; you guys rock!
Last time I go to this Dunkin Dounuts!  This is what I get going to a Dunkin Donuts in Queen Creek...  Order was totally wrong.  I asked the lady to repeat my order there at the window.  They ran out of the croissant bread; no problem then put it on a regular bread.  While waiting at window asked if my hot chocolate is the Mint one.  She said no its the regular one.  Told her I requested mint...  Then I got my order and drove off.  Once I got here at work they gave me the wrong sandwich.  I called the place and gave them heads up; not pleased about this.  So basically I paid $5.68 for a hot chocolate.  Gave the sandwich to someone else.  ugh...  What gets me is that the person on the phone was oh well; well let the people know to pay attention next time.
Good bar food; some items much better than others.  For example their chip trio is horribly bland plain cheese and flavorless guacamole while their habanero pineapple pulled pork BBQ pizza is amazing and loaded with flavor; so pick wisely.Beer is great; my favorites are both seasons unfortunately.  The winter warmer and their Oktoberfest both are their best beer by far IMO. Service is acceptable; yet never memorable by any means.  The place is good lookin and its get packed.  The worst part about the environment is how obserdly LOUD this place gets.  For the love of god; get some sound dampening along the ceiling!  I like things loud; but you can't hold a convo with friends on the weekends without yelling in this place.  We usually pick the patio regardless of weather when we go here so we can relax a bit more; except when people are smoking. My only constructive feedback would be:- Keep improving the menu- Make Oktoberfest beer permanent!- INVEST IN SOUND DEADENING!It's a great place in old T chandler to hang out and enjoy good beer and food.  Chandler is lucky to have a great brewery like this!
I have been here alot more times than my check-in reflect. I think Lowes is more go-to for home improvement. This particular Lowes is always well stocked and the staff is super friendly. One of my recent purchases include a new sliding shower door for the kiddos bathroom. Of course I had illusions of grandeur on how 'me' installing a shower door would come out - a few extra parts and lots of caulk later; the kids will no longer be getting their bathroom floor wet. Yeah for me!
A while ago my friends and I stopped by here for the very first time and I can't recall what we ordered but it was a thin crust pizza. The crust was crispy but not hard to where it tasted like cardboard. The ingredients tasted fresh and the pizza itself had tons of flavor! I loved it! A week later; another girlfriend of mine and I wanted to go somewhere to eat. Me being a pizza freak; I suggested pizza as told her that she had to try this place.We got there and were seated. As I am sitting I look down at my empty plate and THERE WAS A FREAKING DEAD CRICKET ON IT!!! I was astonished! So we get up to leave; On our way out; we told someone and they said they'd seat us elsewhere! Uhhhh no thank you; you can eat your own insect pizza! No apology; no nothing!!
We run this baby ... ;-) this is where I run... to center myself.. to get my self 'back' . Some people go to the gym.. and no joke.. I do too..BUT trust me.. IF I have a choice; I would rather be outside with nature..and in PHX this is close to my home and the best I can do. It's rather safe; as I like to run at night. It's pretty lighted and friendly; in terms of other walkers and runners and what nots. No excuses.. get out.. get it done.
It was my first time dining at this casual quaint little restaurant on a busy boulevard; E. Baseline Road.  Took me a while to find it with my GPS but was glad I did.  It is a free standing adobe brick building across the street from CVS Pharmacy.  Has a small courtyard where you can dine weather permitting.  We were one of the first patrons that evening but before long; the place was quite full.  Families and couples alike choose to dine here.  I ordered the Calabrese Salami pizza and was not disappointed.  The crust was nice and crisp just like I like it and the salami was very tasty.  The Linguini with Clams was to die for!  The best I have ever had. They serve seasonal beers and tonight's selection was an Anchor Steam Christmas Ale.  I really enjoyed it and actually had second one.  This restaurant was a recommendation from a friend who vacations in Phoenix all the time and always makes it a point to eat here.  It definitely will be on our list of places to dine when in Phoenix too.
Niccoli's is a great little neighborhood deli. It offers meats; cheeses; desserts and a small selection of Italian staples to take home.  The woman (co-owner???) behind the counter is very sweet and I'm very happy to patronize (what appears to be) a family-owned local business.  Having said that; I'd love to see an expanded selection of fresh loaves of Italian bread.
If you can believe this ;I have only started to come here in the last few years. I had never been before until about 3 years ago when I was having my car fixed and they dropped off here for something to do.It is a really large mall. We came here this weekend to have a look around and see the decorations. The thing is the decorations were pretty slim. Nordstrom was more decked out than the mall itself. Yes; they had Santa and his little Village. But; even that was not over the top.A little disappointing I would say.Of course Traffic was insane! I am being totally up front about that! We had to park at a nearby restaurant and walk over.The Mall has a lot of really good corner stores. Nordstrom; Sears;Dillards; Macy's. As well as lots of everything else. The food court is all down one end which is good. Because; it keeps all the smells out of the clothing stores.
The neighborhood is a little scary; and the rooms definitely need a little updating when compared to other Embassy Suites locations.  There is one thing that makes this location awesome....the complimentary breakfast.  The guy they have cooking is AWESOME.  To be fair; we only stayed two nights; so we didn't get to know everything about the hotel.  Another plus; they do allow pets; if you happen to have them.  But; that may be the reason for the outdated decor.
Royal Flush Fail!  Your new concept Asian Market was a very bad move.  We used to go to this location at least once a month.  Since; your shift  to market concept we drive right on bye...:(  It sucks because it was a fall back restaurant in our neighborhood. Its now one step up 'maybe from Panda Express. NOT!
My kind of bar! I'm not exactly sure how to describe it; but it's kind of like a classy dive bar. Eclectic crowd with a very casual but not gross feel to it. They have a wide selection of beers (always a plus) and also have live music quite often. Their patio area is very nice and I love any bar that has a rooftop portion to enjoy a beverage with a friend and look around the beauty of Scottsdale. It's a nice gem in the desert.
My spine doctor referred me to Foothills for PT and core stability due to chronic low back pain from surgery.  I explained the pain I was experiencing and what the triggers were; ie; sitting at my desk; bending; crunches; etc to the therapist.  During the first appointment I was assured that the plan I was to follow would help my symptoms as well as strengthen my core.  Once the therapist manipulated my back;  I was given table exercises to perform.  I was told them once and left to do them; not knowing if I was doing them properly;  I was also left in between exercises for unusually long periods of time before a tech would assist me and let me know what the next exercise was.  I voiced my concern/dissatisfaction to two different techs.  It went downhill from the first visit on and was causing more pain than I had to begin with as all the exercises were triggers for my back.  I left half way through my 4th visit and never returned as the therapist was with another patient so the tech wanted me to start with an exercise that required standing and stretching your leg back with resistance bands; I let her know that I couldn't do that first without warming up; her response was; are you telling me you are not going to do this?  She then had me ride the recumbent bike until the therapist was ready.  Again; sitting was causing great pain; I worked for 9 hours sitting at my desk; drove there and was told to sit and ride the bike.  My back issues flare up from time to time and over the years depending on my insurance carrier; I have gone to several PT clinics and have always been satisfied; this is not the case here.  Finally; it took over two months to have the co pays I prepaid refunded to me; and I was treated rather rudely by the employees in the billing dept.  I would not recommend this clinic at all.
Cupcakes are a great alternative to having a variety of flavors when bringing dessert to a party or gathering.  Even better when you have a small crowd because you can cut them in quarters and sample them all.  Gigi's has a variety of cupcakes daily so if there is one particular one that you like and you want for a special occasion you want to plan your occasion around the day of the week that cupcake is baked.I agree with the other ratings ... very top heavy due to the huge amounts of frosting (which is yummy) but regarding the cake part; could have more flavor (kind of bland).  I was surprised how pricey they are (more expensive than the popular Beverly Hills bakery that bakes for the stars) but close to home and nice for a special occasion since the cupcakes are beautifully decorated and the presentation in the packing is nice.This location's phone seems to always be on forward (hard to speak to a human being on the phone to place an order) and when the answering machine picks up; it informs you that the mailbox is full and asks you to try again later.  I did get through once to the answering machine and left a message and no one ever returned my call (I waited a day and a half).  I ended up going down there in person to place my order since I  had questions regarding the special holiday cupcakes flavors/photos that were on their website since there was no caption indicating what flavors these were and what the timeline of the holiday cupcakes were offered.  The people that work there are very nice/helpful.  I think they are probably short handed during the busy holiday season and that is why this is happening.
If you want your order to be wrong; then go to this Potbellys.  I have ordered there 5 times - 3 times the order was wrong.  When I called to complain; the individual that answered the phone thought it was funny and I asked to speak to the manager.  I did receive two free sandwich tickets and again the order was wrong.   Too bad - good concept compared to Subway; but can't seem to make the sandwich per what is ordered.
I've eaten here four times. The staff has so far been friendly; the meals have come in a timely manner; and the prices are pretty good. You get a sandwich; chips; and a fountain soda for around $7.The bagels are above average; the meat is freshly sliced; and they use Boar's Head mustard. I don't like mayo or cheese on my sandwiches and these are still good enough to keep me coming back.
Lucky Strike! This place is Deliciously Classy. I took my sweety there for our first date. It was a Sunday just after the George Lopez Dream out Loud tour at the Comerica Theatre.  And as soon as we walked in we were in awe.  Its dark; sexy; and a lot going on.  There were about a dozen bowling lanes; pool tables; and a nice lounge area so you can sit watch your date bowl.  We arrived just before a company gathering had arrived and we were mistaken as being part of the group. So they were very happy to see us come in; and gave us the Royal treatment.   When they finally realized we were not part of the party; they asked politely to ask us to move because it was rented.  Nicole was very nice to us; and didn't charge due to the fact that it was a mix up and I didn't understand that it was rented for another party.  All in all it was a great experience. We had a fun time ; even though it was cut short.  And I will definitely be back to play and order and try out the food.  Ive noticed people complain about the price of bowling; honestly it's a fair price; because it includes the ambiance as well and the music and good vibe this place gets.  The atmosphere of an environment is very classy and those are the types of places Id like to continue taking my date and or a group of people that Id like to impress. So 5 stars for great service; great time; and nice decor AND its in the downtown Phoenix scene; theres so much to do there; and now theres bowling!!!  NICE!!Nicole provided AWESOME customer service!!  Great Job!
I had a detailed conversation with two employees about exterior light bulbs and both of them ensured me that the indoor bulbs that they suggested would be fine for outdoor use. The first time it rained most of the bulbs broke or cracked just as I had imagined they would. I should not have listened to the staff at this place as they seemed eager to say whatever would get me to the register to get my money.
I had Harvest Design Group completely renovate my back yard.  Actually; renovation isn't the word.  They totally TRANSFORMED my back yard from a weedy; dirt lot to a beautiful oasis!  As usual; Todd was responsible; and professional.  When an unforeseen 'glitch' arose with an electrical line that was not to code; the crew took extra time to ensure the new line was done properly.  He met with me several times so I knew how the project was progressing; kept his timeline; and there were no surprises with the budget.  My yard is absolutely beautiful!!
Great beer at good prices! The food is a little expensive; however; it comes with a lot. When I go in; I love betting on the horse races.. And they have a great bartender; Sam. One of my favorite sports bars.
Best Polish dog that I ever had. Get it with the works. The gravy bread is good also.
Amazing; perfectly cooked; juicy; tender; quality steaks! I went here with a party of five to try out this new location. I didn't think this place would be that great and thought it would be comparable to like black angus or outback and let me tell you how wrong I was!  I'm pretty picky when it comes to steak; I don't like sawing off pieces of meat and I order my steaks medium rare and they never come out that way or it's just bleeding everywhere and still raw. we ordered the lobster stuffed filet and the ribeye and omg we were in heaven and could not believe how effortless it was to cut off a piece of steak and chew it. it melted in my mouth and was so flavorful and well seasoned. the service was great and attentive. I will most definitely come back again!
Amazing breakfast sandwich (the breakfast club) probably the best I've had in awhile. The oatmeal we could do without; it was too mushy with no texture... Taste was good though.  blueberry muffin was delicious! We do recommend this place :)
It's a great place. Try the Loki. Mmmmmm. Price is right. You will love it.
My wife and I and our two son have for years gone to Haus Murphy for Christmas Eve dinner.  We all have lived in Germany for an extended time and a German dinner for our family and our son's wive and girlfriend so a Christmas eve German dinner has become a tradition.  The year before last the woman who runs the place didn't treat us very well (a party of 6).  We tried again last year and they treated us even more shamefully.  We all decided that our experience with Haus Murphy has come to an end.  It's a shame but each time; the woman has pushed us impatiently to finish and we'd made reservations for 7:00 but none the less the lady did everything but put our order in a box and shove us out the door.  Even something as simple as bread with dinner was with held.Perhaps any other time of the year but not on Christmas eve.  If they don't want customers on the 24th; they should just close for the day.
Cafe Boa is a small; classy restaurant tucked away in an unassuming strip mall in Ahwatukee.  They have a rather limited main menu; but typically 4 or 5 daily specials.  I went here on a quiet Monday night with some coworkers and it wasn't busy at all.  The service was prompt and friendly; although they did forget to put our appetizer order through.  I had a Hawaiian sunfish that was stuffed with Asiago cheese over a bed of fresh rice and steamed veggies... It was delicious and a very generous portion.  The waitress brought us a free dessert for the appetizer mix up; so we were very happy that they took care of us.  I will certainly be back to sample more of their specials.
Tried this pizza on New Year's Eve; couldn't find a babysitter for our two year old so we got delivery.  I ordered online and specified 8:00 PM delivery; and the pizza arrived at 8:04PM; which I thought was pretty impressive.  And it might be the best pizza I've ever had.  The sauce was fantastic; the crust was a thing of beauty; and I put capers on there which I have never had the option of doing before.  In fact; the topping options were amazing.  I would like to try it in the restaurant to get the effect of eating it piping hot out of the oven; but even warm out of the delivery bag it was absolutely delicious.  Don't need to get pizza from anywhere else; I'm hooked!
Worth the wait; the best pizza on the planet.  (If you don't have the time; a subset of the pizza menu is available at Pane Bianco on Central.
Met some clients here for a meeting and really enjoyed this place. Had a sandwich and the tea both were really good.
We had dogs with us and they were very accommodating! The Manager was super nice and obviously a dog lover! Service on the other hand was average. Server was nice but not great. She did tell us it was her 2nd day; which is fine but she forgot our toast as a Side and didnt put sour cream on the side. Just a bit annoying. We left without ever receiving the toast yet it was still on our bill which was a hassle to take off. Food was average. Omelette was small and seemed like something out of a carton. And a little bland with the favors. I don't think I'll ever be back; simply based on the fact that I wasn't amazed and there are so many other great breakfast places in the area. At least I gave it a try...
Love this place! Great food; atmosphere; and booze!
I would give Sapporo 0 stars if it were an option. Absolutely the worst service I've ever received. I was entertaining guests and was simply mortified with our experience; especially since eating there was my suggestion. Food wasn't much better; dry and flavorless. I will never go back.
I lived within a mile or two of this drive in theater for 9 years before I finally learned about it and decided to try it out.  The first time I went it was fairly warm weather; my passenger was not a fan; most people there were smart enough to get lawn chairs and sit beside their cars for the cool breeze. I didn't go back until fall had really kicked in and I have gone 4 or 5 times since; once the heat stops being an issue (great to bring a blanket and cozy up when it's cold) this place is actually really cool. I wasn't sure if it would be clean; safe or my thing but it's actually surprisingly cool; there's always a bunch of families there so it's not a place people start trouble; the main hub where the projectors are based and the food and bathrooms are is a decent size and the bathrooms (for men; don't know about womans) were clean without an issue. My girlfriend and I really like taking whatever foods we want with us (pizza; burgers; wings) and I love the fact I can grab two movies for $6.5 a person not counting Tuesday discounts; I'm a frugal guy. I hope people keep going and more people tell their friends and families; this place is for everyone but not everyone might want to watch a movie outdoors.
I came here because my coworkers were all talking about how good this place was. I also heard that they had shark tacos that my bf really wanted to try. The place is super small and kind of divey. They have a salsa bar for you to enjoy when you first sit down. The strawberry salsa was my favorite. Sweet but a little bit spicy. They definitely get you on the chips though because there are no free refills like most other places. Another basket of chips is almost $3. I got the chicken mole quesadilla. Their quesadillas are definitely not like your typical quesadilla. It's almost like a deep fried calzone. The portion is huge though; I could only eat half of it. My bf got one shark taco to try and it was kind of disappointing. It tasted like cod and there wasn't very much flavoring. The taco just came with a tiny bit of lettuce and some green sauce. We got the guacamole and it was delicious. They put raisins and some other fruit in it. At first it sounds strange but trust me; it's so good. Wish we saved some chips to eat with it since we ate most of it with the salsa. The service is friendly and the food came out pretty quick. I'm glad we tried it out but don't know if I would be dying to go back.
Pizza not bad and live organ player. Had a good time. Will go agian.
If you enjoy eating pita bread carne Asada tacos; bland rice & black beans mixed with  some chili pepper; then this is the entrée for you!We decided to have dinner there as the crew was setting up for NYE. They sat us in the back of the restaurant; off to the left of the stage. We were the only ones sitting there so we were very secluded from the rest of the restaurant crowd; we almost felt as if we got in trouble sitting there all alone. The server was very nice & very excited that Omarion was going to be performing for their NYE festivities. Our food came out in no time; which was a pleasant surprise. I ordered the carne Asada tacos. Presentation was nice. The black beans however looked as if there were bugs in it. It turned out there was chili pepper in it which made it difficult for this person to eat since I have an allergy. This was not mentioned in the menu on the plates description. The menu did day lime-cilantro rice. But what was served was white rice w some corn kernels mixed thru. The rice had no flavor whatsoever. I was unable to even apply some salt or pepper to help salvage it; since none was brought to the table & our server was no where to be found. to ask for any. The carne Asada tacos were ok. The meat was tender & the sauce on top of the lettuce was tasty. The menu mentioned the tacos would be on corn tortillas; but what was on the plate was more like a very small pita bread. These tacos saved the plate from the sides it was served with. Happy eating!
Skip the meatball maniaBrats are good
If i had to pick a cheap pizza that had favor and was decent tasting the next day it would be this pizza. The favored crust makes this pizza different than most and makes it my choice for bargin pizza. I also like munching down on the pizza subs; the bread on those are just as good as the crust. I have made it my choice for eating pizza out on a budget; I suggest you try it on a little ceasar night and you will make the switch like I have.
Where else can you get a small pitcher of decadent white chocolate beer on tap for $6?! A large group of us took over the room by the back patio to celebrate the return of a friend. It was dark in there and beautiful outside so I spent some time at the front bar chatting it up with random people. I'm glad I did that because I wouldn't have enjoyed sitting inside in that dark room on a gorgeous fall day in Arizona.I purchased the pitcher of beer at the bar. Our waitress (tall; blonde hair) was obviously upset that I didn't order from her; but the bartender advised me to ignore her. (Good advice). I learned from friends that the waitress  had neglected to tell our group about the pitcher special. One pint of beer is $5 and the pitcher with 2.5 -3 pints is $6. That's a great deal; but $5 for a pint during happy hour- not so much. So what did people in my group do? They ordered the $5 pint not knowing about the pitcher deal until I told them. That is NOT good service on the waitress's part; but I'm rating 4 stars instead of 2 because of that delicious beer and nice bar/patio atmosphere so close to home.*Side note* $6.50 for a small bowl of over cooked shoestring fries is about as ridiculous as a $5 pint during happy hour! Get real with your pricing O.H.S.O.!
Took the father-in-law and kids for an afternoon treat. We wanted to try something different - but still Sushi - and I remembered reading a review about this place on Yelp.If you don't already know - it is a moving sushi bar. The bar doesn't move; the sushi does - on conveyor belts.While it was a little trek from my house; I think it was well worth it if just for the experience. The Sushi is above average - but not over the top great. The experience and service of the wait staff is what makes this place shine!TIP - Order HOT items from the waitress; and get them fresh. That way not soggy (tempura) or warm (other items).
Bigger is not always better; and this place proves it. The sandwiches are plenty; and the dishes are heaping; but the food is not flavorful. Add salt & pepper! Very clean and always busy; so nothing bad... Just decent.
Came here with a group of friends. It's my second conveyor belt driven sushi place I've been too and I like it! Their were some rolls I never had before and they are suprisingly affordable; like really afforable! They also have $4 Asahi beers! Now I'm in! The service here is pretty chill; and they all look great! They also place music that I like here; I don't know how many times I wanted to just fist pump while enjoying my drink and sushi!
I love the feeling that you just came to Grandma's for dinner. The warm smells that greet you at the door are wonderful! The chess  and huge fireplace are a great extra touch.   We ordered the Chicken Pot Pie and Black Tie Pasta. Both were excellent as all there meals always  are. I suggest holding off on an appetizer since the dinner portions are more than big enough!    I will keep going back again and again.
Aguas frescas -- Some of the best I've ever had. Get it. Food Court -- Walk up; look at pictures; order food; ENJOY. Seriously good food.  Great salsa bar too. Fill your plate with salsa; cilantro & onions; & pico de gallo.Sit - Plenty of seating for you & friends. Groceries -- CHEAP; stock up on those fruit and veggies.Pastries -- By the front entrance; grab a tray and load up.It can be a little hectic; crowded and overwhelming depending on when you go but; that doesn't discourage me. It's a little spicy gem.
We ate here on a Saturday afternoon. They were not very busy at all; yet the server was inattentive and acted like he was too busy to really take care of us. He would ask Do you need anything (poor choice of words!) and walk away as he was saying it. At the end of the meal; he was very nice and talked with us for a bit. To me; this says that he knows he gave bad service and still wants a good tip. The service is the real reason this place got a bad review.The food was good; but not amazing. I had a pasta dish and my other half had a stromboli. It tasted authentic to my un-Italian taste buds. If the service had been good; it would probably have gotten 3 or 4 stars.
I ABSOLUTELY LOVE this place! Their Lebanese Chicken is the best thing on the menu; that has me hooked on them! The salad is always fresh; the chicken cooked to perfection--never too dry or overcooked; the pita is always fresh; and best of all; GREAT customer service--the owner is the sweetest person you will ever meet! I LOVE; LOVE; LOVE this place; and don't mind paying what I pay for great food and service!!
This was my wife's first visit to this facility and it is definitely going to be the last. While the wait was not very long; the doctor that saw her; frankly; in my opinion should be ashamed to have MD after his name. Because of her complaint about dizziness he diagnosed her with an inner ear infection. He prescribed a medicine that after three days was doing her absolutely no good. She ended up going to her own physician who told her that the medicine prescribed would not cure the problem but instead only prolong it. In addition this MD pushed very hard on her abdomen and when she said it hurt he suggested that she needed to have her gall bladder removed. This is the very first time we encountered a doctor trying to UP SELL on a medical procedure.Her own doctor told her that there was nothing wrong with her gall bladder and that it hurt because he pushed so hard and nothing else.Finally when she told him about cramps she was getting in her leg; he completely ignored her. As I said never; ever again at this facility.
I live right next to this place and decided to try it out. The pizza was good; very big portions. The service was also good. I will be coming back to eat here more often.
If I eat food from different cultures; I always prefer that the ones preparing my food; serving me food; and patron eating the food are all from that culture. It tells me; THIS PLACE IS AUTHENTIC. And that is what Korean BBQ is. The servers barely know English and I LOOOOVE that. The patrons near me....same thing! There are karoake rooms; etc. This place is awesome. I have yet to find any other korean bbq place that lets you cook your OWN meal on your OWN table on your OWN; just like Los Angeles. I take dates and family here all the time!!
$3.00 for cheese sauce on nachos???? Are you kidding me. It was part of the nachos last time I was here. Shouldn't nachos come with cheese sauce. My family will not eat here again.
I've been buying from Al's Beads for almost five years. His advise has been useful and accurate. His prices are fair and his inventory complete. I find merchandise there that I don't see in other bead stores. I rated him four stars because he is not perfect. I would still rate him as an A; if not an A+
Great; and unique flavors.  Started with chorizo and black bean fundido.  This came with chips and 2 unique salsas.  We really enjoyed all!  Had the seafood crepes after that per the waitress's recommendation/  Be sure to have the limeade.  It is outstanding.
This is a nice shop for touristy folks but they're pretty uptight if you try to take pictures.  They came across with a huge attitude when we wanted to take some; it's not like it's an art gallery for gosh sakes. It's high dollar; over priced trinkets.
It is what it is... cheap rates; but you get what you pay for. When our family was displaced from our house for a few days was perfect for us; kitchen; cheap rates; but the smell in the hallways is not the best. Nothing a little Fabreeze and scented candle couldnt mask.
I finally got around to coming here last night; and I really like it!  I knew what I was getting into because A) I've been to the original wineburger at 19th ave and Bethany Home already; B) I've read the reviews and C) I knew that these two places were originally started by a pair of brothers many years ago.Walking in; its a real divey type place.  Wood paneling on the walls; simple no frill tables and chairs; with limited decorations and dimly lit.  It's set up exactly like its sister location the original wineburger; with half of it being a bar with chairs and tables; and the other half being a pool and congregating area for those that want to do more then sit and hang on the bar.  I also saw a pinball machine; which was pretty cool as well.They have a few TV's hanging from the walls behind the bar with a variety of sporting events on for you to watch. Granted; I'm not a huge sports fan; but it's better then staring off into space or what not.  I sat at the bar; since I felt more comfortable there; and there wasn't to many people in here; so there was more then enough seating for me. I felt really comfortable here; and didn't feel like being around a million people anyways.They have great beer and alcohol specials during happy hour; and they have a decent menu of items to choose from. Prices are great; and the bartender here was really super cool.  Him and I chatted throughout my meal and I really enjoyed the conversation.  I went with the Jumbo Hot dog; and it was tasty...charbroiled and all; I really liked it here.If you want a low key night out; go check this place out. Divey; dark and not half bad. Will be back in the future. I think I like it here better then I did at the original one.
Liked this place!
WOW. Went there for the first time Friday. Thought it was good until today when my friend sees they added 20$ onto his tab. Tipped the tender each time a drink was purchased. He has all the receipts and it was way less than what they charged him. So if you enjoy being robbed; this is the place for you! NEVER returning.
Average pho shop on Alma School. Cheap; quick and friendly service. All dishes are ~$7. Menu also offers vermicelli bowls and plenty of over-rice options.
I have found a new place close to downtown to eat.  Great place to enjoy lunch and the $5 pitchers are a great enticer.If that does not get you down here maybe the great patio will get you here or the spacious bar.  I could see myself eating at the bar or one of the super comfortable booths.As for the eats....The backyard burger; Windsor style is on my list of must eat again; porkwich is a must eat all the time; and the mac and cheese is a great side.  I can't cook mac and cheese like that at home; nice crisp top of melted cheese and uber yummy cheese and pasta under neath.  The Windsor burger and piggy burger were great.  Just ask for extra napkins since you will look like a Carl's Jr commercial trying to scarf either burger down.  They are both messy; but I could not let the sauce and juice go to waste just dip the burger into the left overs on the plate. :) Let me describe the porkwich please....  Pulled pork; belly braised ham; cold slaw; smoked bacon; and the yummy sweet gold sauce.  All this on a buttermilk bun which is soft and a great absorber of all that sauce and flavor.  Get you eat on quick so the bun does not go soggy on you.  The backyard burger has a great garlic aioli; caramelized onions; sharp cheddar; and some iceberg shredded up to add some color.  This was a great burger and even though it is a must eat again I am really a fan of the porkwich.  My only downside is parking; really only a hand full of parking and then free valet.  Nothings free; I still gotta tip a guy that has to run down the street to get my car.  That's usually where your car will end up is down a side street adjacent to the restaurant.  I think the valet thing does fix the lack of parking problem and the food is so good it really is not that big of a deal.  If you are ever in the general vicinity of Windsor I suggest you give it a shot; great staff; great food; and great overall restaurant.
Fantastic food!
Somebody close this restaurant down; doesn't matter how good the food is because the atmosphere is concentration-campish and the staff are like Nazi prison guards.
Pizza and sangria are great. Unfortunately; Breakfast is only okay. Packed in the morning. Lunes move quickly. Good coffee.  Next to my favorite Postinos!
My husband and I just dined at this restaurant for the first time.....EXCELLENT! Great food; great service; very pleasant atmosphere. We will be dining there again!
Can't wait until Cincinnati gets one... clean; quiet; and on-time. What more is there to say?
Made a reservation a month in advance for 7; noting that it was an anniversary dinner (and hoping for one of the curtained off couples tables.) Called the night of and asked if we could change the reservation to 7:30 since we were running late.  We were informed that we could not and that we needed to make it within 15 min of our original reservation in order to be seated.  We rushed and made it right at the cutoff mark; and were seated at a huge table; I assumed because all the couples tables were full.  After getting settled in; we looked around only to find the restaurant dead empty.  We were one of maybe 5 parties there.  Why the rush?  Would have given only one star if not for the great food; and having plenty of leftovers for lunch the next day.  The server was quite attentive; so I think it's just the hostess desk that's not up to par.Note; this will be a long meal so plan accordingly.  You can't do this place quick; its an experience.
Outstanding coffee.  Very yummy cookies available.   Great coffeehouse atmosphere. It's a bit hard to find - no big obvious sign... this isn't Starbucks.
I have been dying to try this place for ages! We finally came on New Year's day simply because Parlor and Centurion were closed. First pet peeve (that includes Parlor) is being forced to valet park when the lot is half empty. Even if valet is complimentary. We were seated promptly and decor is simply gorgeous. My daughter had the PB&J kids meal and milk. I was pretty annoyed when they charged us for a refill on the milk. So; we got charged twice for two kids milks. I didn't see much that interested me on the menu so I ordered a few things I have gotten often at LGO: the shrimp ceviche and caesar salad. It was very good but odd that I was ordering LGO menu items. Pretty cool were the chocolate chip cookies on your way in/out. Can't beat that!I have heard that their brunches are fabulous so I will give it another try.....
Ribeye was the clear winner here; seasoned tender and juicy medium rare. Have a shot of Veev(acai berry alcohol) and let it all digest! Yum
REI is my go-to place for outdoor gear when I am looking for quality stuff that I expect will last.  They have a great selection of gear that leans toward the lighter-side; that is; your standard car-camping stuff like the giant two-burner flamethrower stove will not be found here; but you will find stoves that you can practically fit in your pocket and work perfectly for backpacking/climbing/expedition type activities.  High-quality gear; clothing; bicycles; boats (kayaks); tents and all the accessories for the above you could ask for.  REI gear also comes with a no-hassle return policy.  Between REI and Campmor; I'm covered :-)
Ate there for the first time today. After fist walking in; I was very pleased with how friendly the staff was. My boyfriend and I were unsure what to order; so a suggestion was given. The man who was working even offered my boyfriend a sample of coleslaw before he made his final choice. While we waited for our order; I took a quick look at all the soda pop they had for sale. They sell more flavors and brands than I even knew existed! Our food was ready promptly; we probably only waited about 3 minutes. It was DELICIOUS! The portions are huge. I ate at 4pm and I don't think I'll be hungry until tomorrow afternoon; honestly. The pricing is extreme affordable and I see myself going back in the future. The only flaw would be the slight oopsies I noticed with cleanliness. The floor by the soda fountain was so sticky that my flip-flop got stuck to it and I almost tripped. The tables needed to be wiped off a little; but these were the only issues I had with the place. Everything else was excellent!
Went in on a Saturday night a week ago. Temps in the 50s and the outdoor seating was open. They had the door open to outdoor seating the entire time though. My boyfriend and I; along with other patrons were freezing! We grabbed our food and left.
This hotel is nice. Some rooms are amazing - the renovated rooms are lovely. The Casitas are not. Be warned - they are comfy but tired - broken lamp; leaky gas fireplace; ripped curtains; broken phone for 3 days. You get the idea. I am really torn between 3 and 4 stars. We were in a 3 star room; but there are a lot of 4 star rooms there; I know. It really is a nice hotel; but it just cannot have things like that and still be considered a luxury resort. Also be warned that the water slides are a lo-o-o-ng walk from the Casitas; and families (who want the water slides) seem to end up at the Casitas. The Casitas are really a trek from everything. Furthermore; inexplicably; there is a serious shortage of hot tubs. The Casitas have their own little pool with a teeny hot tub that is terrifying to use. I hurt myself walking into it both times as it lacks enough steps and has broken filters on the bottom. The pool you will want to use if with kids is the East pool and the Sonoran splash - a giant pool area with a fun double slide - and no hot tub anywhere. Every single family over there is asking about it and seems utterly flummoxed. So then you trek all the way back soaking wet and shivering to either the South pool (more of the adult crowd and they do not want your kids in there) to use their hot tub or back to the Casitas to use the teeny treacherous one there. Very bizarre for a big club. And the word on the street is true -they do nickel and dime you; so be warned. Little things will add up. They have a skating rink! Wheee! but you will spend 100 dollars to use it with your 3 children. And then they will have a stand for hot chocolate nearby and charge 5 dollars for water based hot chocolate and 9 dollars for a baggie with the makings for 2 'smores. Really? If you aren't even serving real hot chocolate don't you think you could just make it free for the people who are spending all that money to skate? Another thing to keep in mind is that the Princess is really out of the way. The zoo and the botanical garden are more than 30 minutes. But they are close to the Musical instrument Museum and that is a world class place- a must visit for anyone in the area!! There are plenty of restaurants nearby; so that is nice; but a lot of the activities are in other areas of the city. The Christmas decorations are really nice. The pools are pretty good. The food is pretty good. I am on the fence and just not sure if I should say 3 or 4 stars.
Good morning my fellow Arizonian foodies.....So by now you realize not only am I a PICKY person but I am proud to say I hail from Chicago and grew up eating at little breakfast dives.When we moved here to Chandler I had hoped to find a good breakfast dive to start the day out right.Our first day here we noticed Hoosiers and were so excited to give it a shot.The first experience was ok.  The food wasent the greatest...by a long shot but the service was friendly and quick and the atmosphere was comfortable and reminded me of the midwest.We tried again a couple weeks later and noticed; as we did on our first try; that the potatoes;bacon and biscuits/gravy; while good; were warm at best.I am one who enjoys my food HOT (temperature wise); so by the time I am finishing up it is still a little warm.The potatoes and bacon tasted as though they were made hours earlier and they forgot to heat them back up.I tried a chili cheese omlette today and must say; I was happily surprised that it was quite Yum!  It had little green chilis that gave it a sweet taste with a nice bite.I realize we live in Arizona where people think it is warm year round.....uhh uhh...not the case; it gets downright nippy in the winter and the restaurant is all windows and I froze all thru breakfast....guess theres not too much one could do about that; just bring a hat; gloves and a scarf and you should be ok :).Anyway; not too much more to say about HOOSIERS.... its an ok place with ok prices and ok foodI would have given it 2 stars ( ehhh; I've had better) but I have yet to find a really good breakfast dive in the area and MATTS BIG BREAKFAST is just too far to go.....so; you get 3 stars out of default!Go and give it a try...lets see what you thinkand in the meantime.......Bon Appetite' and stay warm
This place has been here for a loooooong time.  It is also only 2-1/2 miles from my house; how nice is that? The best nursery in the valley located only a few minutes away.  But; I have driven all over the valley to nurseries and also have ordered trees and plants online.  Anyway; it's the customer service here not-to-mention the vast property full of all KINDS of trees and plants that attracts me.  You walk in; someone is standing there.  They will walk the entire property with you if you so desire and they will describe anything you are interested in.  If you have a specific type of need to fill - shrubbery; shade tree; whatever; they will take you to whatever they have available.  I went in there last week looking for a ground covering plant that I had bought at a nursery going out of business.  I didn't know the name of it; the guy offered suggestions but; walking 40 feet into the place I saw a whole stand full of them sitting there.  Yes; I was elated to find them that easily (neighborhood cats had trampled a section of them and I wanted to replace them).  It's also Christmastime and they have a HUGE variety of Christmas trees!  If you have a 20 foot tall ceiling in your home; you will find a tree here that is absolutely beautiful that will take advantage of that space!  Their cheapest price is $29 - which is nice for a tree that is sitting in a stand with water versus all those other big box places that have them all clumped together; NOT sitting in water; death defined.  Oh; and their delivery fee is $50. I was told that is wherever; though I suppose that rate might go up for a longer distance; I don't really know.  I've been to the other nurseries; alot of them; even the obscure ones that are not that well known.  Moon Valley has nothing on Whitfill's besides they do the planting.  Their selection is nothing like Whitfill's IMO.  If you are a plant/tree enthusiast; you have to at least try coming to this place once to see what they have to offer.
My co-workers seem to love this place.  They often order huge platters for the team.  Cowbro beans; pulled pork; chicken; slaw; hot links; potato salad; mac n cheese; rib tips; and other items.The cowbro beans are most peoples favorites.  I think the meat is always a bit dry and have to drown it with their sauce.  The sauce is alright.  A little too sweet for my taste.  I like a bit more chile flavor and heat.  The links are pretty tasty.  The mac n cheese is also above average.  The rest is just okay for me.  It is really hard to find good bbq in AZ.  Crazy as that sounds with all these tranplants out here from all over the country.  You'd think one of them would know how to make some excellent bbq...
Had been trying to get here for years; everytime I would go there would be at least a 2 hour wait. I got lucky when I made reservations for a friends birthday. Well worth the wait; the pizza was so fresh and delicious. It is very small and intimate; which I enjoy very much. I will be frequenting this as much as I can and hopefully beat the rush.
This store is like perusing the super awesome record collection of your crush; who is way more indie than you but still adorable and approachable about their collection; and might even let you borrow all their nice Beatles albums.But it's gonna cost you. This guy or gal loves their records; and believes that some nice Simon and Garfunkel is still worth $40/record; and a rare cover banned Who cover might go for $30 (I didn't think it was so racy it deserved to be banned; but what do I know about 70s standards). More obscure titles are $8-$12; which is not so bad. I had a nice time browsing and picked up a few. The workers here were very nice and could definitely help you find anything you need! Tracks in Wax keeps retro records fun!
The one thing most Ohio girls love is a dive bar; and Patties is one of the best dive bars I have ever been to. The service is excellent; the drinks are strong; and the bartenders are quick. There is so much to do at Patties. You can play ping pong; darts; Golden Tee. Are they shiny new tables? No; dummy; this is a dive bar! This bar seems out of place in snotty Scottsdale; but it is a reprieve for those of us who forgot our Gucci handbags and stilettos.
Great place.  Perfect service. Can't wait to go back.  Pasta salad was delish.
Best pizza around this area! Cheap too.
I highly recommend Addison Taylor Fine Jewelry.  The prices are fair; and the quality cannot be surpassed.  Scott takes the time to get to know you as an individual so that the jewelry he creates is as individual as you are.
My family and I went to Grazie's for dinner with a Groupon.  On our first attempt; we could not be seated as the restaurant was so busy.  So the following time; we called ahead of time and reserved a table for 6.  We showed up at the reservation time only to be told that they did not have us down.  However; after consulting with a person who looked like the owner; we were told that they had not understood the name and sat us at a table that was appropriate for 4 people; but not for 6!  Anyway; we sat down and waited for a while; until the waiter came to take our order.  The place was so loud that waiters and us had a difficult time communicating.  Meantime; I had discovered that my chair was wiggly beyond my comfort zone; and then my father (an elderly man) showed me that his chair was unglued at the junction of the seat and the leg.  I requested new chairs for the two of us and they were given to us in a not so friendly manner.  When the pizzas arrived; there was no room to place them on the table; because this pizzeria does not use pizza stands and as I said; we were in too small a table!  However; we managed; and ate.  The pizzas were tasty; not great; but not bad either.  One of them had a burnt crust.  During our whole experience (and especially during the chair incident) I kept on glancing toward the owner.  He avoided my eyes and of course never approached our table!  The GROUPON that we presented at payment was applied in the most profitable way for Grazie (a $4 difference that could have made a great difference in customer satisfaction!).  Oh well; we are never going back to Grazie...
One of my all time favorite Chinese restaurants; and once which I used to frequent with great regularity when I worked in the area. Now that I've moved further North in the valley; I miss it dearly but still sporadically get the chance to stop in; and not one single disappointment in all the time I've been going there! The ambiance is something unique; as it looks like a big banquet hall; not so much like a restaurant; and certainly not what you expect for a typical Chinese place. It's pretty cool that they have the back wall covered in aquariums where you can see the live fish; that much is probably worth the trip if you've never been. There is a feeling that you're somehow stuck in a 1990s hotel ball room; but in some strange way; it almost feels nostalgic more than it turns you off to the place. Maybe that's just me; but it's kind of cool.I've only ever really sampled from the dim sum; but as stated; I've never been disappointed. The food quality is always top notch and the selection is usually quite good. The lotus wrapped rice is one of my favorites; and it's not a real dim sum lunch at Great Wall unless you try this stuff. While not a fan personally; my Asian companions have always raved about the chicken feet. They taste great; it's just not my thing. The bean curd and pork dishes have always been fantastic; and their several varying dim sum offerings with shrimp are consistently fresh and absolutely delicious. It should go along way to say that as many times as I've been here; I  have never once had a bad food experience; either during or after my visits; nor has anyone I've gone with. Another thing the do very well here is the tea; it is always a perfect match for the dim sum and works great to clear the pallet and balance out the flavor in the food. My friends and I could spend over an hour just nibbling at our dim sum; sipping tea and enjoying the time away from the office; which is exactly what work week lunch at a good dim sum place is all about! If you haven't had the experience; I highly recommend checking this place out. Just be aware that they sometimes get packed; especially on the weekend and for late lunch during the week; so go early and avoid the weekends if possible. Dim sum is highly recommended; and don't forget to try the hot tea!
I loved this place when I moved in.  I thought it was perfect.  I had a great view from my balcony; steps away from Pita Jungle and Lola Coffee.  There was a park right across the street for my dogs to run around in.  I didn't think much of it when then management changed from Greystar to Birkshire.  Didn't see any huge differences.  They seemed really friendly... until I decided to move out.  And then they make it their job to screw me out of every last dollar to my name.I will admit; I had a fast move out.  I forgot a box in the apartment and I didn't have a maid service come in and do a professional cleaning.  I figured paying a few hundred dollars wasn't that big of a deal to save me the hassle.And then I got the $1300 bill.  Yes you read that correctly.  There are two zeros at the end of that number.  They charged me $1300 to clean a 700 sf. apartment.  I did what any sane person in my situation would do and I refused to pay it.  That is until I was sent to collections and faced destroying my credit and rental history.So I settled it with the collection agency and moved on with my life.  I genuinely thought that Roosevelt Square was done ruining my life.  I was wrong again. Almost a year later; I put in an application for another apartment complex and was told that my credit report shows that I STILL owe money to Roosevelt Square and that they cannot rent to me unless I can provide them with documentation that this debt was paid.So I called Roosevelt Square and SURPRISE; they have no record of my settlement with them.  In fact; they came up with another $500 that they claim I still owe them.  My only option at that point was to contact the debt collection agency.  They were able to provide me with a copy of my settlement in full letter in under an hour.  A debt collection agency was more helpful and more competent than this joke of an office.Roosevelt Square looks really nice; is in a great location and has a bunch of really awesome amenities.  But so do all of the other apartment complexes in the area.  Do yourself a favor.  Move somewhere else and stay away from this bottomless money pit.
Was with my besty and she said lets grab lunch; my treat and you don't have to put out; I said girl I am their!! Haha but no really that's how the conversation went down.She loves Cracker Barrel and I hadn't been in a while so I was excited to go!  We had gone to a movie 1st before we ate so by the time we got there we were starving. We made our way up to the hostess and I guess she could tell we were starving and ushered us to our seats quickly. Then we were greeted by our server Mathew; who ladies he is quite the cutie; some small talk went down and movies were discussed told why yes I have seen The Hobbit; it was all the buzz. He got a gleam in his eye and he started riddling me this and riddling me that and then left to get the drinks we ordered. While he was gone I got a.d.d and forget he had just riddled me. He brought the drinks back and was expecting an answer; but I had to confess I already forgot what the exact riddle was.  Yes; that's really how it happened; then Mathew said oh ladies this really isn't my table; my friend Brandon will be here to be taking over .So Brandon appeared and took our order; the country lovin girl inside me wanted something smothered in gravy and I saw they had Chicken Fried Chicken with gravy! And I paired it up with a sweet potato; mac & cheese and hash brown casserole. I have to say I really dug the sweet potato; it was perfect; the mac & cheese was delsih and couldn't get enough of the hash brown casserole; but what made me a little sad was there was barley any gravy smothering my chicken fried chicken; but man that chicken was good!I quickly got over being saddened by the missing gravy and ordered me a double chocolate fudge coca cola cake;;;;oooooooommmmmmmmmmgggggggggggggg that cake is sooooo gooooooddddd!!!! I have to say for country home-style cooking and lil country store Cracker Barrel is the place to be!
These guys are amazing. Mark Zigler is the tech that I have dealt with twice. Both dents he fixed were perfect. One of the dents was on the body line of my 2 month old 2013 Dodge Challenger right in the driver side quarter panel. It was a dent that was almost impossible to fix with out drilling a hole but mark took his time and worked it to perfection with no hole drilled. AMAZING! I am SOOO happy with there work.Thanks Mark
This restaurant; while quaint and non descript serves really fresh and delicious uzbek food.  The kabobs are amazing; especially lula kabob.  The chicken is super tender and flavorful.  Service is good as well.  Five all around.
Apparently; Yumminess is in the mouth of the beholder.  I LOVE Caketini and make a point to stop by every time I am at the mall.  I keep reading other posts comparing them to Sprinkles...me personally; I dont like Sprinkles.  I think that they are small; chinzy on frosting; dry and overpriced.  Caketini; on the other hand; has large; soft cupcakes with lots of great frosting which is not a buttercream or a whipped...its kind of in between so its not too sweet but very light.  My favorites are the Salted Caramel and the Coconut.  The Caramel cupcake has just enough salt that you get a little crunch.  I would say to try it for yourself and make up your own mind....By the Way; there are 2 locations at the mall:  a kiosk by H&M and an actual store upstairs by the entrance to Nordy's.
I used to go here a lot as a fuming teen and I honestly can say that I was peer pressured into it by the god-awful social hierarchies of adolesence. The food here is terrible. The pizza is disgustingly greasy and I would never; ever pay money to eat here again. The company should have been the one paying me to eat here.
I've tried just about all of the froyo places from North Phoenix to Tempe and several stops in between. I find most places to be the same as far as the yogurt itself but it's the vibe of the place that determines whether I frequent or not. Twirl is refreshing. It's simple; modern; sleek... HIP. I enjoyed eating my [salted caramel and nutella] froyo in peace - without the hustle and bustle often experienced at places like Yogurtland or Mojo. It makes a nice little pit stop on your way downtown or after dinner at Hula's across the way.
I recommend this place. Nice patio. Price is right. I like the carne adovada.
Went to the Sprouts on 83rd ave. and Thunderbird today for the first time. I wasn't overly impressed. I wanted to get a number of items but just stuck to the produce. I browsed the meat and sea food counter and noticed the selection was limited and more expensive as were the canned and packaged goods. The bakery area was also limited in selection but the breads looked and smelled delicious but price point was a little too steep for me. Not their fault though. Produce seemed to be of a little better quality than Fry's but you pay a little more. Purchased a stalk of celery; a red onion; 1 bunch of Cilantro; 3 avocados; 4 jalapeno peppers; 6 or 7 Roma tomatoes; 4 apples; 2 lbs. of bananas and a dozen eggs. The total was $11.73. Not too bad but with limited selection and not on my regular beat probably won't be back.    Well....maybe for the Artisan bread!
I am really conflicted about Lustre Bar. It is an outdoor bar located on the second floor of the hotel (where the pool is). It is beautiful with plenty of comfortable seating throughout. The views are stunning. The drinks are expensive at $10 a pop. They are handcrafted cocktails (whatever that means) but I often feel they are too strong for me. On one hand; that is probably good because at $10; you won't need to drink many. But I want to enjoy my drinks; so I don't know. You can also order food while you are up there; from the Blue Hound kitchen; which is cool. Keep in mind; though; that it is a limited menu. We came for the NYE party and that was a bit of a train wreck: The good: Cover charge was reasonable at $20. The music was great and there wasn't one particular genre; so there was something for everyone. There was a complimentary buffet of light items. The bad: There wasn't enough heat lamps so groups of people were often huddled under them and I even saw people with blankets. Really????? Service was horrendous and absent. There were only 3 girls working the grounds and at point I ordered a drink from our waitress and we didn't see her for 45 minutes. Plus; I never got the drink I ordered from her. At one point; she sniped at us that she was really busy and never came back. I spoke with an employee about it and he handled it. If we wanted to go to the bar instead; that was a half hour wait to get a drink. It was awful. I was really surprised at how little staffed this NYE party was. Again; overall; I am conflicted about how I feel about Lustre Bar. I think it still has some growing pains.
Obviously the cupcakes are famous- but I come here for coffee and a quick bite to eat if I want to enjoy the trees and shade. The building used to be a post office; and now it is surrounded by farming; and different types of flora and fauna. I enjoyed a spinach; feta; and tomato omelette the last time I visited. Tasted fresh. There really is a difference in taste when you buy local; compared to an omelette at Denny's. The coffee shop has good coffee; but you can expect prices a little higher than Starbucks. Most of the desserts are delicious. I still haven't tried a cupcake; but that's because I don't care for sparkly cupcakes... Just not my thing.
This place is pretty new (only been open for 2 months; but the family owns 2 more locations in Phoenix). The staff were all very nice and friendly; the restaurant was clean and well-decorated; and the portions are really big!We ordered pad thai; pad see ew; and panang curry. I don't know if it's just me; but I actually didn't find the food that amazing compared to the places I've been in California. I enjoyed the flavor of the panang curry (although the beef was tough); but the pad thai was a little too sour for my taste (I like it sweeter); and the chicken in both noodle dishes was pretty dry. I also ordered the thai iced tea; and it came in a really large portion and the boba was good!
I had a hard time choosing between Citizen Public House or the Mission for my one dinner while vacationing in Scottsdale.  I am so glad we chose here.  From the martinis; the appetizers (pastrami pork belly is really that good!; bacon popcorn yum). the entrees (one of the best duck I have tasted and perfectly cooked); and the service; I highly recommend this place.  The only downside is that it is really loud and you need to talk in a raised voice (need to put some noise reducing elements in the interior). Good times!
Always great pizza and take-out service. Pizza is consistently good and hot; ready when it says it's going to be ready.  Great coupons in the mail too!  Love this place.
Staff at door requested $10 charge to enter!  Lol; no thanks.  We've been before; and overpaid for your so-so drinks -- it's your loss.
It's a Walmart.  It has everything.  Was clean and nice as I recall.  Was in a giant strip mall with a ton of other places.  What; they think they are a KMart now or something?
Some over priced Mexican food in the airport.
They did a very good job dry cleaning a wool cap; at a fair price.The service is friendly and the hours are convenient.
I've been looking for a good Doctor for years now and I have finally found her.  Her easy direct manner and interest in the whole picture of what is going on in your life set her apart from other doctors I have seen.  I will definitely recommend her to all my friends and family.
Great as usual. Staff was friendly and quick. I like when the store is kept clean - which they were. Exactly what you would expect which is good.
Awesome theater; just be sure to get there early and sit in the middle. Didn't like being on the outer edge too much.
Wow I hate giving poor reviews; but when you are greeted with poor customer service I have to let everyone know.I have to share my experience with you so you will not be surprised by the poor customer service at this location.  I have used Enterprise in the past at the Sanderson Lincoln location several times when my Navigator was in for warranty repairs: excellent customer service there.OK; so I gave Enterprise in Surprise a call and was told reserve online; in person it is more cash.  So I did just that; reserved the car got the confirmation etc.  Once I get there this is when it all falls apart.  Ok they look me up; no cars till 5pm.  It is 2pm.  Also Nicole noted that I wanted to use my ATM/visa card to pay.  Ok she informs me that I need 2 utility bills if I want to use ATM/visa?  Wow since I don't want to charge the rental I need utility bills and they don't even have a car that I can rent?Glad I drove 15 minutes to get the bad news.  Nicole did not care; gladly cancelled my reservation and continued on answering the phone.  Wow what poor customer service I really felt they did not want my business here.  Been a long time since I felt that way about any business.  I will gladly never use Enterprise in Surprise.  I would of used Budget Rent a car down the street; but they were sold out.
The food was what I would expect from Applebees & the service was fair; however I checked my credit card a few days later I realized I was overcharged.  I called the manager and was talked down to and shamed for complaining about being charged 1.50 more than my bill.  When I told the manager that it wasn't the dollar amount that mattered it was that my credit card was charged for something I didn't sign for; he was rude and said that he was sending me the dollar fifty what else did I want.  I was not angry when I called but furious when I hung up.  I will never give my business here again; especially when every other chain restaurant is located within 5 miles.
The fiancé and I went here not too long ago and the place was dead; which typically is not a bad thing.  Cien Agaves  is the typical Scottsdale restaurant trying too hard to be hip; cool; and gilded.  If you wear a tapout shirt; a trucker hat; own a purse that has Coach or Louis Vuitton logos plastered all over it; or support your millionaire-like partying lifestyle with a $30k a year job; then this is the place for you.  It comes off as an insincere/non-genuine attempt to produce quality southwestern food and the forced atmosphere comes off as tacky.  And a large tequila selection does not legitimize a restaurant - what a large tequila selection is to a restaurant is what a corvette is to a 50 tear old man in a mid-life crisis; they are trying to compensate for something.Meal: I took full advantage of the pork and chicken tacos.  The fiancé had three or four vegetarian tacos.  We both had a margarita.  I had the house margarita and she went for a fruitier (I want to say raspberry; but I could be totally off . . . SAMSONITE) style of margarita.Taste:  Ehhhhhhhhhhhhh; these tacos didn't leave a good; lasting impression.  The key to an outstanding taco is an outstanding tortilla.  That doesn't mean they have to be homemade; but it does certainly help.  These tortillas were no where close to being outstanding.  The tortillas were incredibly dry and cold.  They lacked the structural integrity to keep all the guts of a the taco in tact so you can eat it.  It turned into a complete hot mess when the fiancé and I went to dig in.  The fillings were significantly lacking any real seasoning.  For example; one of the tacos I picked was supposed to include green chiles.  I saw stuff on the taco that looked like green chiles but it sure as hell didn't taste like it.  To top it off; the margaritas weren't that good either.  5 out of 10.Value:  Like the margaritas; the value was nothing to brag about.  Not bad; not great . . .   I didn't feel ripped off after I paid for the bill; but it felt like the meal was missing something else given the price we paid.  2 out of 5.Service/Cleanliness:  The waitress really seemed like she was pissed off to be at work that day.  We constantly had empty water glasses.  She would swing by to pick up empty glasses; plates; and other things but wouldn't ask us if we needed anything else.  And she would always run to the bar to talk to the bartender and another server.  We were the only people in the place.  There was no excuse for the poor service.  3 out of 10.Atmosphere:  See above opening statement.  I guess I jumped the gun and couldn't put my thoughts in the right location in my review. 1 out of 5.Overall:  There are so many better places to go to in the valley; why bother coming here?  11 out of 30 points; 1 out of 5 stars.
Great family fun; our Phoenix Zoo turned into a winter brightland! You'll see more than 3.5 million lights- and your entrance to the zoo begins with an introduction to Big Blue - a massive tree covered in tens of thousands of blue lights! Our nearly 2-year old was mesmerized by it. There are basically two loops to walk through and now the park has a light show in the lake with floating light tubes and a giant globe- all timed to music. It's pretty basic but still cool; and a big hit with families and little ones. The loop that runs through the indigenous AZ area is really cool; with animated snakes; javelinas; and rabbits. We saw a few new displays this year- including some giant wizards battling it out. Don't expect to really see animals- most all of the exhibits are closed. We saw the Komodo Dragon; Zebra; and Pecary out and about but that's about it. But Zoo Lights isn't about the animals! Admission for non-peak times (Sun-Thurs) is $9 for member and $10 for non-members. It's more expensive on the weekends; and likely more crowded. We went on a Thursday night and it was perfect- not too crowded but still enough people to make the trip exciting. Not to mention the weather was incredible - hovering around the low 60's. Make sure to bring some cash for hot chocolate ($3.29) or other treats. The fresh made kettle corn smelled delicious. We spent a good 90 minutes at the park and had a wonderful time. If you've never been and you have little ones; this is a great way to spend time as a family.
Good selection . Not overwhelming like total wine and more. Except they close at nine pm most nights :(
I love this market. It's no Marukai/Mitsuwa; but I can find what I need here. The staff is so friendly; knowledgeable; and helpful.I'm willing to pay the price for the goods (not all are expensive; mind you) for the simple fact that the customer service is great; the store is clean; and the selection is fairly high. I love the lady that helped us out. She was very sweet and caring. I could go on and on about the customer service; but I'll spare you all further pain.Go here; you wont be disappointed (unless you're flat broke.)
Curry chicken dish was thin and tasted like a little bit of curry in hot water. Chicken was pre-cooked and dry. Spring rolls were ok. Dipping sauce was horrible. It didn't suit the dish at all. Service was difficult as the staff doesn't speak English very well. Also waiter insulted me but I'm sure he didn't mean to (a comment about my weight). Worst part was when I smelled cigarette smoking coming from the kitchen. One guy denied it; the other guy admitted it. Bad food; I won't go there again.
I am a big fan of gastropubs; espcially when they are as elevated as the Citizen is.We requested to sit next to the open window that faces the street.  It was a beautiful November evening; so a slight breeze was welcomed while we enjoyed our meal.Our server Clark was absolutely charming.  He gave excellent recommendations when we needed some advice and he was able to joke around with us as we inhaled everything brought to our table!  Our cobb salad; our pork belly; the cocktails; dessert; EVERYTHING!  We will have to visit the Citizen Pulic House next time we're in town!
I really can't get enough of this place.  For anyone who understands true Italian food; this is a must try.  I always enjoy their fish.  Perfectly prepared and always served up with delicious vegetables.  In my opinion; this place is a bargain given the entrees are all in the $20-30 range.  Pasta is even less than that.  They also have a decent Italian wine offering with most glasses in the $8-10 range and bottles below $40.  I've always found the food fresh; the service pleasant and the atmosphere lively.  What more can you ask for?  Oh; LARGER portions?  Go to Golden Corral if you want to stuff your face.
I am always in search of a good burger...while my search will always continue this place will go in my top 5! We must have gotten there just at the right time because there wasn't much of a line. I did however see the cash only sign right away which might be annoying to some. This is my kinda place though-a hole in the wall with delicious simple food! I ordered the bacon cheeseburger and I loooove how they made the circular bacon to fill the whole burger! I can see how the condiment station might be a turnoff for some but considering I like my burger pretty plain it didn't really bother me. We rode the light rail so we didn't have issues with parking but I can see how the parking might be problematic around lunch time. I dig the tree stumps as chairs but that's just me. We got 2 burgers/fries and 2 drinks for 20 bucks and it was worth every penny. Every few months I think about becoming a vegetarian; it's places like this that make me realize what a ludicrous idea that would be!
Best Cheese steak ever. Service with a smile and quality meat and buns!!
Fresh food; attentive staff and boy is it fast!  I like the skillets and they'll sub out my toast for fruit; which is nice.  I never feel like I ate heavy; sticky; icky food when I leave and I like that.Every single employee you encounter interacts with you with a big ol' smile on their face.  There is ONE wait person who is a little ditzy and I try to avoid her like the plague; but overall I am very impressed with this place.  Not a greasy diner; no siree!Tasty!  I'd eat lunch here sometime too but their gluten free lunch options are just about non-existent.  I wish they'd change that.
Nice location; convenient to our hotel.  Busy; but we were able to get through quickly.  Nice selection of drugs; snacks; drinks; and a limited grocery.  Prices are reasonable.  Good choice for those things you have forgotten while travelling.
servce sucks thats all i got to say
My fiance and I have been coming here for a little over a year.  We have since moved from the surrounding area; but we stop by when we are hitting up the furniture places in the Melrose District.  Meal:  The fiance usually gets the edge salad; the veggie burger or the nachos.  I typically whatever is on the special; such as the pot pie . . . and onion rings! I am a big fan of any of cask ales and the light rail cream ale.  The fiance always goes for the wheat beers or something with a strong fruity taste.Taste:   First and foremost; the onion rings are the best in the valley.  They are thick and bread-y.  Yes . . . that is a new word in the Yelp lexicon.  The beer can be hit or miss; but if they haven't run out of the cask ale; run with it.  The food is spectacular.  I rarely go with something on the menu because their daily special is usually a stand out!  8 out of 10.Value:  Portions are pretty reasonable.  They definitely don't skimp on portions.  My fiance and I always end up a to-go box.  4 out of 5.Service/Cleanliness:  Service at SunUp is its Achille's heel.  The servers can be rude and rarely know the menu.  And its funny and kind of sad when the staff is unable to describe the beers on tap.  Its a brewery . . .  I would imagine they would know what the beers are like.  Finally; their beers are served too warm sometimes.  The temperature of some of their beers are room temperature.  I respect the fact that some beers are to be served warm depending on the style; but the entire selection isn't to be served at room temperature.  4 out of 10.Atmosphere:  I like the atmosphere because its low key; has a great patio; and a nice variety of music.  The bars are pretty nice and when the bartenders are actually working; the conversation adds to the experience.  3 out of 5.Overall:  If you are in the area; stop by for a visit.  I wouldn't avoid Friday and Saturday evenings.  I would drive across town to try it out and just be prepared for poor service. 19 out of 30 points; 3 out of 5 stars.
Went there today because I'm trying to check out the eateries in my new neighborhood and it's hard to find a good sub. Ordered the giant club sub. Unfortunately I was running errands and it ended up sitting in the back seat of my car for well over an hour. Still; it was a great sub. Good bread; fresh meat that isn't slimy and questionable like at some places and lots of ingredients. I can't wait to try some of the other sandwiches on the menu.Update: Also have tried the meatball sub and Philly cheese steak; both were excellent.
Food was good.service was good. Didn't like that with the build your own the ingredients came on the side and they forgot a few. Not sure we will go back.
Loved this store.  It so lives up to it's name.  Cute clothes.  Great shoe selection too.  It was very affordable.  Have to say it's now one of my favorites.
Just got a great deluxe pedicure here.  My feet and legs are super soft.  My heels are callous free.  The spa is clean and you don't have to wait long.
What's not to like? I'm glad they're back in the valley.
Disappointing.  Ordered the crab boil.  Way over cooked.  Bland.  No flavor.  Blah.
Mike at Good Guys Electric is excellent!  He completed various electrical projects in our home; from checking connections; updating wiring and ordering custom parts to installing an outlet outdoors.  As far as pricing goes; his quote was very reasonable and in the end; accurate.  He is now my go-to electrician and I highly recommend his work.  I am very grateful to have located him through yelp!!
Very nice and helpful staff.
I have a difficult time understanding how this place has a 4-star average. I've been here several times and the food is always very mediocre and the service staff are consistently aloof and uninspired. Worse yet; it's about 20-25% overpriced. The calamari was soggy the 2 times I tried it; the gyros were very unimpressive and the salads are weak as well. This place needs some work and the staff need a wake up call.
New Year's Day is a big day for college football. There are SEVERAL Bowl games being aired. So; when my in-laws suggested we go there for lunch; I was immediately nervous about having to wait an inordinate amount of time to even get into this place.Shockingly; right during peak Bowl game time; the place was practically empty! This afforded me the opportunity to marvel in the sports majesty of Blue 32. I mean; there are t.v.'s EVERYWHERE in this place! There isn't a single seat in the house that isn't facing multiple televisions; which is great; since they air so many sports channels at the same time.The interior of the restaurant is divided into three separate sections: the bar; high-tops; and booth seating. Being that we had a little one with us; we opted for the booth seating. The booths are very spacious. Our party consisted of four adults and one toddler; and we each had arm room and table space to spare. To make the booths a little more inviting; the backs of each booth appear to be considerably taller than in most restaurants. Given the rowdiness that can stem from sporting events; these high-backed booths offer a small hint of intimacy if you're looking to have a conversation with the rest of your party.Now; as I mentioned; the restaurant was really empty by Bowl game crowd standards. For some reason; it took a considerable amount of time for our waitress to greet us after we were seated. After that; it took even longer for our food to arrive at the table. When it did arrive; though; it was pretty good. Typical bar fare is wings and fried foods. Here; they have a full menu of great burgers; chicken; salads; and seafood. For four adults and one toddler; ordering three entrees; two appetizers; and two alcoholic beverages; our final bill came out to around $60.00...during happy hour. So; during prime time; I'm sure the bill would have been considerably higher.While we were leaving; I noticed that they do have an AWESOME covered patio. There are a few televisions; misters; and a few fans to help keep you cool during the summer.So; the atmosphere was awesome; the food was good; the service was eh. If you're looking for a great place to catch a game and have a beer; this is definitely a great candidate. If you're looking to be wowed by cuisine and service; perhaps you should try another place.
I came here one Sunday morning when another restaurant had a line out the door. They said it would be a 30 minute wait (which was less than the other place) so we said we would stay. We got a table in 10 minutes and our coffee was out super quick; and was really good coffee! I ordered a classic breakfast of eggs; bacon; potatoes; toast and fruit. It came out quickly and tasted good. It was nothing memorable; I would say that the food is average...but I liked the speed of getting a table on a BUSY Sunday; the speed of the server and of the food coming out; so I will give it a pretty good rating overall.
I use this place because I get a company discount. It isn't fancy; and for full price there is better competition out there; but this place is secured if a little sketchy looking.I think the $3 fuel surcharge is excessive; but as I said I only use them for the company discount. Otherwise I'd use Parking Spot.
I haven't tried anything here that I don't like. The pizza; the wings; several desserts; drinks and ice cold beer. It's all great; and the service is usually okay; too. There's lots of cute stuff to look around at in the grocery while you're waiting; although most of it is overpriced. I'm dinging one star for the awful parking.
Donna does a great job! The spray tan is always even; great color and lasts for a week! She manages the place very well. I am always taken in for my appt on time. Arizona Airbrush prices are the best in Old Town!
I received a ten dollar gift card to Best Buy recently (as much as I am thankful to receive a gift; $10 won't get you much at an electronics store!).  In any case; I figured I might be able to pick up at least one little item for that price.  When I arrived at the store today (12/12/12) around 1:00 PM; I looked around and found a female employee (whom I cannot describe other than she was wearing a tan cardigan on top of her store uniform).  When I explained the little predicament I was in (looking for ANYTHING under ten bucks that I might buy); she looked a bit annoyed; and suggested I buy candy (perhaps she thought I had been given a ten dollar Visa or American Express gift card and I should take the card elsewhere to buy said candy...but then; why would I be so foolish as to go to an electronics store with a $10 gift card that I could take anywhere? Or maybe Best  Buy actually does sell candy...I don't know).  In any case; after I awkwardly laughed at her suggestion to buy candy; I reiterated my problem; and she walked me over to the DVD section; where there are at least a few cheap DVDs.  She indicated that some were $9.99.  I stated; That's good; except with tax; it will be over ten dollars; to which she responded: Well; yeah.  Apart from the fact that I wasn't asking for something I could buy with the gift card PLUS additional money; her sarcasm was; yet again; off-putting.  She kept stating that most stuff in the store falls above the ten dollar threshold; and because of the I'm so done with this customer; get me out of here! vibe that radiated from her being; I thanked her with a smile; and indicated I could take things from there.  I found an area for DVDs on clearance for a price of $3.99; that she did not even bother to bring me to for some reason; but frankly; I either had most of the movies; or they didn't appeal to me; so I didn't end up buying anything today.  But the employee at the door; a young man; said Thanks for coming in today; to the elderly gentleman about fifteen feet ahead of me leaving the store.  When I got to the door; however; the aforementioned door attendant gave me a hollow; almost annoyed glance; and looked back into the store; not uttering one word of thanks to me.  Now; I don't normally care that much whether an employee says goodbye to me or not...but when I witness it occurring to another customer right ahead of me; of course I'm going to note the lack of politeness when no such kindness is extended to me....what am I; chopped liver?!?!   And the annoyed look was certainly unnecessary.  As an investor; I have seen the financial trouble that Best Buy is having in a world where internet retailers such as Amazon are totally undercutting them.  It is for this reason that I have to wonder....where is the customer service?!   What makes a tangible; real-life store different than an online retailer?  Two things:  getting to test the equipment; and the PEOPLE!  The customer service; getting help; and answers to questions.  I have already written another less-than-complimentary review of different Best Buy location (I promise; I don't have any ill will for the company...I'd actually prefer them to garner my highest praise); and it all hinges around the same issue...customer service.  It  always seems to be that the store is either like a middle school dance; with the employees awkwardly huddled with their friends talking; looking out at the customers but too timid to ask them if they need anything....or it is like today where the employees just seem to act as if they have better things to do.  NOTE TO ALL BEST BUY STORES:  If you want to stand even the slimmest chance of surviving the fierce competition that online retailers are giving you; then fix your customer service.  I believe that there is a large group of people that still; and will continue to want a real-life shopping experience.  Give them a good experience; or I am almost sure that your company will go the way of Circuit City...out of business.
The wait can be a bit long but totally worth it! I have never had bad service and everything I have had in the menu is amazing! Great place to hangout with friends- wish they did have a better happy hour though!
I was brought here by chance on Christmas Eve. It was a welcomed change from other valley Mexican restaurants. The open patio in the back with the turtle and duck pond really was magical. I had the pleasure of trying their shrimp taco suave and their taco fritas. The taco suave was particularly good. It had onions and red cabbage. Put a little bit of their homemade salsas on them and wach their taste explode. Very savory and spicy. I was pleased to find such a flavorful and authentic restaurant so far off the beaten path.
Great tortilla soup and chili (some of the best and most flavorful I've had.)  I don't think they are used to dining in as the meal service for 4 was a little segmented.  Great concept; and a Belly user which is great.
My husband and I purchased some beautiful tables..a coffee table and sofa table.  It was decently priced and the quality was great.  So we decided to go back and see what other pieces we could find.  It is hit or miss.  Some days they seem to not have very much inventory and other times it's stocked real well.  We purchased a sofa that was 25% off.  Great deal.  It's super comfortable and looks awesome in our living room.  Rich chocolate brown.  Today we purchased the matching chair.  Not cheap at $795.00 but it was also 25% off.   I don't know how well the furniture will hold up since we just bought them but they seem to be well made.  The store creeped me out a first but I purchased four items in the last year ....so I guess they are a winner!  Go check it out...you might find your treasure too!
My ex-boyfriend and long-time friend lives in Vegas and has pretty high standards when it comes to dining and entertainment.  My family has all lived in Phx for years; but I am a recent transplant from Tucson; so when we visited in August; I had to rely on the people of Yelp to assist me in discovering new places for a couple of 30 something foodies.  With it's central location; yummy food; and fabulous vibe; this spot is now on my list of regular dinner spots.It is a house-turned-restaurant; so it's not a spot you will just stumble upon.  You have to know where you are headed.  The interior is very tastefully decorated and modern. The chefs are creative and offer new menu choices (including desserts) so you always have something new to try.  Down side is you might not be able to get it next time you come in!
For a local; smaller hardware store they really pack the merchandise in!  Always someone to wait on you and really helpful too.  There is a pretty large assortment of stuff you never knew you needed!  While smaller than a huge mega warehouse I always enjoy going here because of the excellent service and really competitive pricing.  AND it's a quick drive down the street!
Can I give negative stars please? About a year ago; one of my roommates ate at this place and ended up getting very sick. A few weeks later; my other room mate took a walk down to this location and *surprise!* he got sick as well. Against my better judgment; I still stopped by to get a bite on my way home one day and full blown food poisoning. Seriously? If 3 different people get majorly ill on 3 different occasions then I would have to say that there is something wrong with this place. How the health department has not shut it down yet is beyond me.
This was the best double espresso con macchiato I have ever had!However; when I asked for a to go cup I was flatly told no; that it would ruin the presentation. Really?Art at the expense of customer service is not endearing in food service.Loved the rest of the place; decor was great; atmosphere hip......Coffee Awesome.
Stopped by this weekend with my heart set on gluten-free bruschetta and pizza; and they didn't have any gluten-free products available. When you offer a service that nobody else does; it's important to actually offer the service. Very disappointed.
3 stars for the two dishes I got. 1 extra star for great customer service.  I came in looking for comfort food from LA so thought I would try the easy go-tos.  I got the Pancit (not the Pancit Melabon) and lumpia.  Both were ok.  For the pancit; I don't need it drenched in sauce but this one was pretty plain like others said.  I should have tried the Pancit Melabon but I was craving the other pancit.  The lumpia were fresh and good but nothing out of the ordinary.But if anything; the staff were great.  Very accommodating and nice.  Based on the reviews; I need to go back and try the Kare Kare; halo halo; and Pancit Melabon and a whole lot of other things that I didn't take the advice of other yelpers on.  Oh well; you learn.  But def. want to go back. For those craving turon (banana egg rolls); they do make them sometimes but not every day.  Darn!
I like Red Robin. It's a chain. I know. It's industrial food. I know. But it's my gold standard for burgers. My first experience with Red Robin was the original Anchorage location at the Northway Mall. A beacon of light; warmth and burgers in the great white north. Now sadly closed; as well I understand; the original location near U-Dub (no; not Wyoming).
The pizza is outstanding!  I usually eat 2; sometime 3 slices of a large pizza; today I had 5! I couldn't stop eating it.  Wonderful sauce & cheese; the crust is thin and slightly crisp; cooked to perfection.The only down side for us was the pasta red sauce was slightly too sweet and almost every menu item had ham in it; I'm not a ham fan. but that's just me.The place is clean and decorated very nicely; the owners are supper nice and service is top notch (even though you order at the counter; they take care of you after that).We will definitely be back.
I wish I could give no stars for this shitty place!!!! Let's me first start this review off by saying the employees who are working the front part of the office will never help you. They give the poorest attitude; and have the fakest smiles and little effort to service their residents. Don't even bother calling and talking with the front office just email the manager Desiree mueller directly; I also make it clear that I do not want to speak to the front office staff. Now during the 7 months I have lived here I have realized if you like living with scorpions; cockroaches; gnats; and dog shit everywhere then go ahead and move in.  I don't understand  why the south complex have doggie bags containers and the north side has none. People on north side don't pick up their dogs crap and maintenance will simply push it to the side. The office tends to take matters to extremes; an incident that happened and I quote Cathryn residents were discarding personal affects; such as toiletries for their animals. My thought is um where do you expect them to toss their fecal matter? she then said that residents are to dispose of personal affects in the dumpster. which is inconveniently located far away from any grass. So it's confusing why the office would then decide to flip the stone trash can over on the grass right in front of my balcony. I called to complain and I was told by Cathryn that it would be handled in a timely manner. Such as 3 weeks long. After they removed it there was a HUGE brown spot. Also I was never aware of the fact that when your AC isn't working I called to let the office know. A few days later I come home from work to find a crew halfway in my ceiling; ladders; my cats are scared beyond belief. I had to ask where they were because I couldn't find one. Also the door was left open. I asked them why they were here and their reply was oh the office didn't tell you we are here to replace some lines no one told me anything so that caught me by surprise. They also had to come back a couple days later because they didn't do it right. Just save your money. I wish I would have.
Great food and comfortable atmosphere.Our extended family sat at an outdoor table for lunch and had:Kobe Burgers - greatSteak Salads - goodPotato Skins - yumShort Rib Tacos - so;soWould go back again.
Loved the wings and pizza. Nice people; nice clean place. We will eat there again!
typically i'm not a huge fan of artifact and cultural exhibits.  However; the Heard experience was beyond expectations.   The 7.50 student price was reasonable and we were instantly put on a walking tour around the museum. The guides were excellent and the museum is quite historic.   The contemporary art pieces are not quite art museum worthy.  However the katina doll collection was awesome.  They have Barry Goldwater's personal collection of Katina dolls on display !    I highly suggest using the guided tours;  because some of the exhibits are difficult to process.
Seen here twice and I used the WAHOO service each time to cut down on wait time. It worked very well and I was very satisfied with the speed of getting to see a physician.If you need x-rays; blood tests; etc; it's all done here so you don't need to take doctor's orders and drive somewhere else to have that taken care of. I was pleased with the level of care and treatment I got at NextCare and I will be back if the need arises.
It's a great mall with a lot of variety; but save your sanity and either park underground (after 5 on weekdays or anytime on weekends) or around back. This place is always busy!! I've seen many stores come and go but they have all the basics plus some high end stuff if that's your thing. Harkins theater is also inside and their food court actually has a couple healthy options.
Fab.... HOLEY moley the cocktails in the bar are insane... the bartenders there are awesome. Christina makes the most amazing incredible and complex drinks. She will fill you with all the most incredible concotions you have never dreamed of and now will.The bar menu is killer as is the happy hour. I love lamb; and I had the lamb burger which was fabulous. I had oysters which were sweet and oceany. I had more drinks; and more drinks and more drinks and was so impressed with the bartender (Christina's) skills at making unique cocktails.The duck fat fries are rich... and I don't mean driving a Rolls Royce rich; I mean holy moley you will need to be rolled out of there in a wheelbarrel.I made multiple new friends at the happy hour there and make it a point to return whenever I am nearby (about every other week). There is no better environment to:socializeeatdrinkbe fabulousin around that particular spot. Kudos to each person there; they make you feel very special; important; and full/tipsy/drunk.I cannot stress enough just how awesome the bar is.I have eaten in the main dining room too; and while I enjoyed the service it just felt somewhat more sterile and less fun... it was intimate; which is great if you are taking a date... but if you are a man about town you better sit yer tush on the stool and order up a Pink Panther from Christina.A+++ for Michael Minnas only AZ spot.
My wife and I are in jobs where we wear suits for our business; so dry cleaning accounts for about 80% of our laundry. I have used this location in Scottsdale for a couple of years; it is close to my mother in laws and my wife is there so often that it is a convenient locale. There are closer locations and we have several options on the way there and around my house; but the staff is nice and overall I have not had any issues... except when they damaged a shirt and took a while to pay for it. They did eventually pay; but we did have to call multiple times. Overall I would still recommend it.
Just moved from Utah and was looking for a new donut shop.  I drove over from Gilbert to this donut shop because of the reviews on Yelp.  First of all; it is open 24/7; so that is a plus.  The service was very good; with a pleasant attitude and a very polite approach.  I ordered a dozen donuts and the man who waited on us gave us 2 extra; just because he was so nice!  The donuts were actually not the best I have every had (for those; you will need to go to Banbury Cross Donuts in Salt Lake City); but they were very delicious and worth the trip.  I was a little disappointed in the chocolate on chocolate cake donuts; as they were not nearly as chocolatey as I am used to.  I would have given this donut shop 3 stars; but the kindness and generosity of the counter person was exceptional...so 4 stars from me.They also have sandwiches and smoothies; but I have a thing about buying sandwiches or smoothies from a donut shop...they just do not go together for me; so I have no idea if they are any good.
So; I love this Place. We had a little mix up tonight and I somehow got someone else's bowl. The manager was so wonderful about it. He let me make another bowl and didn't charge me for dinner. I will be back again and again..
Tenderloin sandwich.  BORING.  Ok piece of meat yet served on a hamburger bun.  No topping or condiment.  Thin slice of onion and leaf of lettuce is supposed to dress this up?  Skip this sandwich.
We stayed here for a week on an Interval International exchange.  We had a one bedroom unit with a full kitchen.  The kitchen was fully stocked with all we needed.  The laundry in the unit was small capacity but worked great.  The grounds are beautiful and well maintained.  The staff was friendly and helpful.  The pool is a great feature and there is one tennis court and a small exercise room.  The furniture in the unit was a bit on the shabby side but not broken down.  The unit was clean but not plush.  The location is a bit out of the way; but there are plenty of dining choices nearby; but nothing too exotic or trendy.  We found it quiet even though we were there over Christmas week.  One negative is that free wifi is only available in the registration building; but the unit had free internet access through a cable to plug into a laptop.
Oh; pardon moi; for daring to venture into Old Town in holy jeans and a band sweatshirt; and not appearing to be a Scottsdale resident... I will gladly show you my drivers license with address if it will make your attitude disappear. Sheesh.The Tempe location is a LOT more friendly than this one.The two guys at the counter; and even the gentleman waiting for his coffee; stared me down all the way from the door to the register. They were very short when I ordered; all whilst staring me down rather coldly. The menu is not above the counter; it's hidden in the corner (menus aren't cool; I guess). My drink took FOREVER to make. $5 for a large mocha that's the size of every other coffee shop's small. Etc; etc.Seriously; I have to continue in the employee vein because they are THAT unpleasant. All the employees are my second biggest irk about Cartel. You are not God's gift to the earth; you are a flannel-wearing; college-dropout hipster who works in a coffee shop for $8 an hour. There wouldn't be anything wrong with working for $8/hr in a coffee shop and wearing flannel; if you didn't get an attitude about it.And my number one irk about Cartel is: why the eff can't I have a cappuccino to go? I don't understand. It's my overpriced cup of coffee; I can do what I want with it. I don't need your coffee snob attitude to tell me a to-go cup will ruin my coffee... because IT WON'T. The fact I have two irks about this place that combine for unpleasant experiences mean I won't be back. Adios Cartel!
Since the first time we tried the Liempo and the lechon; we were hooked!  We are from Las Vegas and every time we come to Arizona; we have to go and eat at Wholly Grill.  The pork liempo and their lechon (on Saturdays and Sundays) are awesome!  On the 22nd; we took our entire family here to have lunch before we shop for our ingredients at Mekong market.  Everybody loved what they ordered.  My brother in law loves their chicken adobo; my husband super loved their chicken bbq and my niece loves the dinuguan that she ordered.  The rest of the family ordered the liempo like me.  We also loved Ate Chona; she owns the place and cooks everything.  She is one sweet lady that takes pride on her cooking.  We have ordered party trays here and have never been disappointed.  Their food takes a little longer to come out because she cooks them fresh.  You cannot rush perfection -- this is coming from a person that loves to cook and takes pride on the food that I make as well.Last Monday; we ordered a tray of Lechon Kawali (it would have been lechon but Ate Chona did not have fresh pork belly anymore) for our Noche Buena. Another top notch dish from Wholly Grill.  It was totally delish!!  The tray went too quick and was disappointed that I wouldn't have any left over for the lechon paksiw.  I always recommend Wholly Grill to all my friends who wants to visit Arizona.  A must try place if you are craving or wants to try good Filipino dish ... you won't be sorry! We totally love this place!  I wish we have a place in Vegas that is comparable to this.
Bacon wrapped dates.  I don't think I need to say more; but I will anyway!I had the dates and an arugula salad; both were very fresh and delicious.  The bread that's brought to the table is good too - don't skip the pesto that comes with it.  This is not your average throw-some-olive-oil-and-cracked-pepper-together-and-call-it-a-dipping-sauce kind of stuff.  I could almost make a meal out of the bread and pesto alone.Our waitress was almost over the top attentive; but I'll take that over one that disappears any day.
Saw this place listed in the AZ Republic as one of the ten best new places in 2012 and decided to check it out.  We sat at the bar and had a flight of misc brews.  Thought that was fun. Some we liked; others not so much. There is a great selection and I would like to return. The atmosphere is upbeat and simple. Loved the keg pendant lighting along a row of tables and the patio. The place was busy on a Wednesday night; most patrons in their 20's/30's. The location is ideal.The menu was eclectic. The recommended Mastadon sandwich was boring although the fries a winner. The bison hot dog was delicious although the accompanying coleslaw a miss.  It was pretty on the plate with craisins and feta but dry in the mouth with no dressing or herbs.Next time we will enjoy a few beers and skip the food.
I've been craving sushi way too often lately. This place; conveniently located next to the Westin; was a pleasant surprise when it popped up on our Yelp map while we were roaming for sushi.The ambiance will leave an impression on you. The room is lit by a pleasant glow of red light and we instantly felt welcomed and excited to start our meal.Garlic Edamame; Edamame dip; and Pepper Shishito are a must. We mostly ordered nigiri; and were satisfied with everything they put down on the table. Highlights include eel; salmon; octopus; and sweet egg. All worth a try if you have the appetite.Distinguishing factor: Chic decor; accentuated by the glowing red globes on the ceiling.
I only eat the $0.39 tacos from here. Craving them as I type this review. I still think it's weird that they have burgers and fries available; but to each his own. :)
Good location; prices and it's great that this place has a South and North side to it. not too many terminals eitehr so it makes dropping or picking up easy..
We heard great things about the MIM from family and friends. The MIM is exciting and extremely innovative. Headsets are included with the price of admission and allow you to become one with the journey. The whole museum is organized by geographic region and each region is further sub-divided by country. I loved the ability to learn about different cultures and instruments through their music. The technology used was also innovative and something I had never experienced. Basically the headsets automatically tune to the music/videos nearest to you. For example; as we approached the Sri Lanka exhibit; music from that country began playing on my headset. Through this innovative setup we were able to experience instruments never before heard and tour the world in only a few hours.I would recommend allowing at least four hours to explore the museum.
Great Food in a nice looking restaurant at a price that you cannot beat! I really recommend the Beef Stew if you want a little more flavored Pho and the Spring Rolls are good too.
I am so happy to of found this place so close to my new home. It is a great location with lots of parking in the huge lot.Reading the last review; I am very lucky that Charlie no longer works here. Instead we have the fabulous Edward. This guy is so great! I came in 3 times over the last week with lots of packages to mail.Every time Edward was smiling and happy;even though they were so busy. He even thanked us for our business. He was so beyond helpful every time.The best part everyone got their Packages as promised;2 day delivery even with the last ones going out right before that bad storm hit Middle America.FED EX has always done really well for me. Plus the packages always get there unharmed.  For payment they take check; cash ;and credit.    Thank you!
The food wasn't very good. My girlfriend and I could only eat like a quarter of meal before we asked for a boxes (just to be nice; we don't plan on eating them). We then drove across the street to McDonalds.  I would like to note the waiter was super nice but that doesn't really help later when your stomach hurting. I hope it was just the dishes we ordered (spicy chicken w/ red sauce and chicken with vegetables in spicy sauce) because ironically the restaurant ambiance was very cozy and all the staff was extremely nice.
I dont think this even deserves a star. Its 8am on monday and they dont have hot chocolate... Bad look for a donut shop! Worst part is the rudeness of attendant.
Best pizza of my entire life.   No pizza on Sunday though...
I love Li's Bowl!
If I could give no stars I would. Mandatory $10 parking on game days is the ultimate insult and rip off. And the attendants taking the money are rude and surly. You'll feel like you are dealing with the mafia; which isn't far from the truth. I feel bad for the retail stores stuck in their contracts with this hell-hole. Do yourself a favor and drive up to Anthem or wait until the Premium Outlets in Chandler open in a few short months.I was worried Tanger Outlets in Glendale would put the Anthem Outlet out of business. I'm not worried anymore.Probably the biggest business fail in Phoenix for 2012.
My friend and I booked a tee time over the phone about 3-4 days ago; but once we got to the golf course and presented our coupons (Arizona Pass Book) We were told that they would not honor them because we didn't book the tee time the day prior (yesterday)The course was extremely slow (tee time was 12:07) and they told us we would have to pay $60 each. We decided to make a phone call to a neighboring course and they said we could tee of 45 minutes later for $35.This is not the first time that my playing partner and I have been treated poorly at this course. It is a shame that they turn away good business; especially because my playing partner has lived at Vistancia for more than 6 years. He vows to never play there again; and I agree. Trilogy is a nice course; although there are far superior courses on that side of town (Copper Canyon; Granite Falls)Trilogy at Vistancia has absolutely terrible customer service; do not play at this course!
For the record; I had to strongly plead with Jenny to give this theater higher than a one star rating. But please; AMC Management; if you want to thank me; do so by sending me a gift certificate to any theater but this one.$10 per ticket took me back somewhat but the tone of this [arguably] two star experience was the valueless interaction with the employees. After dealing with the uninterested box office girl; the ticket taker was actually inviting and helpful and; silly me; I got my hopes up that my experience at AMC Arizona Center 24 may actually end up being comparable to seeing a movie at a theater that charges a fraction of the cost.We approached the refreshment stand and; as the ladies assembled our order on the counter; one held up a blacked hot dog (think of the rancid hot dog Kramer eats to avoid making Lloyd Braun think he is crazy) and asked if we wanted it. Considering we were paying $5 for a hot dog at a national chain theater that should have some kind of quality control system in place for refreshments; we declined. The girl simply turned around and handed the bad item to the back and instructed them to throw it away before grabbing a normal looking hot dog for our order. That simple so why even ask us?Though the lobby was generally empty and pairs of employees were standing around chatting in strategic locations; the condiment area was unkempt including butter-flavored soaked popcorn on the counter. Something that a $7 theater would probably just send someone to wipe down but; somehow; not a priority here.  Also; the restrooms are a dump and don't even have mirrors. Not sure why a more expensive theater would vary from the clean restroom standard for the public park bathroom decor; but I think it's a swing-and-a-miss by AMC's interior design experts.So why two stars? Well; Yelp doesn't allow zero star reviews (which I agree with; FTR) so everyone gets a freebie. And the in-theater experience was actually good. So; that's how AMC got a two star review for a theater I doubt I will ever again attend or recommend.
Best.Yelp.Event.Ever. This was amazing. Enough said. But; not really. It deserves more than that. I honestly had such a great time. Not only was the food absolutely delicious - beef short ribs I will be dreaming of you tonight - but the whole experience was tremendous. The staff was great and incredibly friendly and attentive. The wine glasses were never empty. The manager of the restaurant and the general manager of the complex were there and made sure everyone was happy and had a good time. They really know how to put on a good event. I can't wait to go to iPic and try out another one of Tanzy's amazing dishes beforehand.
Downtown location is far better; the staff are more attentive and personable. Tempe location is stuffy; busy and slow-- but not busy slow-- and you'll get dirty; condescending looks if you do anything but order and receive your coffee. No talking to the baristas; they don't care how your day is going.
The way it was talked up; I was expecting great pizza.   What I got was good; not great.   It has a wide variety of options; chicken wings were not bad either.
Tanzy; even the name catches your attention; gorgeous restaurant ; great &very knowledgeable staff; especially our server extraordinaire  Jill; friendly; fun; the type you'd want to go back and request her section; she kept us wanting for nothing; neither asking for anything; a hostess with the mostest! I'm definitely a turf gal; but their food was so good that it converted me to the surf side! Scallops; calamari (not battered or fried btw) salmon; all of which melted in your mouth so filled with flavor it made your taste buds sing! But I can't leave out the braised beef tip; paired with goat cheese gnocchi w/sage butter that I could have eaten a dozen of; scrumptious! Oh and the battered; fried brussel sprouts that would even get the most stubborn child to eat their veggies; delightful! What meal wouldn't be complete without dessert; just when I regretting not wearing sweat pants to make room for more and I didn't think I could eat another bite; they brought out the sexiest dessert; Red Devil Bread Pudding; so yummy I couldn't help but eat it all; so now I will be wearing sweat pants the rest of the week!This is a Hot Spot in Scottsdale for sure! SANTA if your listening I'm trying to be good; other than that small taking of the Bare Butt Gnome incident that night; can't be blamed for; it was speaking to me like the deer on the Pier 1 Import commercial; I had to have it; so Santa gift cards to TANZY are now at the top of my list! Thank you Tanzy; Jill and as always Lindsey for a wonderfull evening(sorry again about the Gnome):)
What a cute; and yummy place this is! I was in the mood for Tiki / Islandy something and found this restaurant on Yelp. OMG go figure. What a delightful little find. We started with 2 Lilikoi margaritas which have passion fruit in them. This margarita is in my top 3 ever favorite margaritas. I give that margarita 10 limes for its balanced yumminess. My mouth waters now  just typing this. Moving on-we went for lunch; and while we didn't wait long for a table; once we were at the table; it took quite awhile to get our drinks ordered; and place our food order. That said; after that initial snafu all went well.    We started with some Crispy Coconut Shrimp Rolls-they were gone about as fast as they were delivered. They were so tasty with a delightful pineapple-horseradish dipping sauce. The two orders from there were The Modern Tiki Fish sandwich; and The Cajun burger. Both were so good. Both orders were so tasty and good!!!
My son is obsessed with the Children's Museum.He's been on several occasions with our nanny (and I've seen lots of pictures and videos of him playing there); but today my husband and I were able to see first hand just how much fun he has at this place!It was more crowded than I expected; perhaps even more so on the weekends than during the week?  My son is only 15 months old; so many of the other kids playing there were older and bigger; but it didn't seem to phase him. We spent most of our time on the 3rd floor where he painted rocks; played with flower arrangements; ran up and down the hall; went in the noodle forest; played with some cool cars; and more.  We went late in the day due to his nap; so we couldn't stay long due to the fact that they museum closes at 4pm; but we squeezed a lot into our visit.  He cried when we were leaving as he wanted to stay and play more; but I am sure we'll be back soon to play some more.It's worth noting that I've also spent time at the Children's Museum for some adult parties; and it makes a great venue for those as well.  I love that it's in an old renovated school building; and the staff is super friendly too!  I also like that they have a huge parking lot; some of which is covered; which is so nice when you're dealing with our insanely hot AZ summers!
We had another amazing dinner at Eddie's House this week and I wanted to share our experience with this restaurant.My family has dined at Eddie's House no less than 20 times since his opening at his current location in Old Town Scottsdale.Our latest experience was just as fantastic as always.  The ambiance is exception; every meal we have every had there has alway been well cooked and tastes amazing.  Eddie's sauces are always tops.  He refers to his sauces as the love.There has never been a time; unless Eddie is out on vacation or at a special event; when he hasnt visited our table personally an asked us about ourselves and our meals.  He is very personal and caring about his customers and has always brought joy and humor to our table.My family is convinced this is one of the top 3 restaurants in town and this is in our view the top Chef in the valley.Thanks Eddie & Jennifer; keep up the great work.
Nothing too crazy except the prices. Five dollars would be a fair price for this event; clearly not the $13 weekend price. Fairly short trail of lights with some animals; some trees and a few things lit up in the water. The LED monkey was my favorite as was the blue tree. We arrived about 15 minutes before closing which was actually good because the whole zoo parking lot was jammed with everyone leaving. The lights are much better with no families of kids screaming right next to you or teens doing their zoo light thing. I gather that everyone must go see Zoo lights once in the lives if they live in Phoenix for awhile; so its off the checklist. It can be romantic also after all the people clear out and the lights glow softly on the water. Oh and there are actually one set of live animals available to see and that would be the flamingo's; which are at the beginning of the walk behind some secret bushes.
Great experience. Hot food which is increasing rare to be served these days. Fresh and tasty;while the atmosphere was  relaxing; sat on the patio surrounded by tall palm trees lite with decorative lights.The service was friendly and prompt. Great for larger groups of people.
Our national Sales Convection was held here! I loved it! The staff was amazing. This is the only hotel I've been to that offers an entire Gluten free menu and everything the chef made was really good! I lost five pounds throughout the entire week! Convention facilities were a bit of a walk in the heat. The rooms were great; bed comfortable; water pressure was strong! Bar closed way to early.
Yoli's is easily in my top favorite breakfast restaurants. I usually go with my gf Saturday or Sunday mornings and get the mix and match. You can pick from several items and I usually get the standard egg; sausage; has browns with one pancake. And; this pancake is just about perfect. It's big; fluffy and cooked to a light and slightly crispy golden brown. You don't even have to use syrup. Recently; I tried the Morning Monte which I am definitely getting next time. The flavor is exquisite. Just about everything on the menu is worth ordering.The restaurant is tucked away in a garden oasis in downtown Chandler. We wouldn't have found it except for all the popular Yelp reviews. They have a good amount of outdoor seating nearby a quaint arrangement of flowers; plants and birdcages that house several exotic and colorful birds. It's worth going just to check out those lil guys. The only downside is that the kitchen is small; so when the brunch rush hits; it can take a while. But Yoli and her staff are so friendly and pretty honest about the wait. We grab coffee and sit it out. Trust me; it's worth it!
I visited this restaurant during the summer with a party of 8.  We were a large group so we opted for patio seating. The restaurant was packed on a busy work day week. The bar was overflowing with people.  The restaurant is casual but dimly lit so it gives it that intimate feel.  As our large party made it from the bar to the patio; our drink orders were promptly taken.  I decided to go with white wine since I had my eye on the Stacked Chicken Enchiladas. Oh boy was I happy with the decision; these were the one of the best enchiladas I have ever had. The food tasted fresh.The atmosphere was quite lively....give it a chance!
Stopped in for lunch the other day because it was close by; and WOW what a wonderful surprise! The food is delicious; great service too. I will be coming in again with my husband to taste more!
Gross as gross can be you'll never catch me!  - Eating here ever again!!!Airports are not all notorious for their gourmet; reasonably priced restaurants; but this place made me feel taken advantage of.  As the only place to grab a drink while waiting an hour and a half to board my flight I excitedly headed toward Jackalope Flats.  It's walls are peppered with vintage household items and of course that adorable little jackalope we all know and love.  The menu is pretty basic; chili; salads; nachos; burgers and sandwiches.  I ordered the Turkey Club - Sliced Turkey; Swiss Cheese; Crispy Bacon; Lettuce; Tomato and Spicy Chipotle Honey Mayo on Sourdough Bread - sounds good!WRONG!The meat is the worst quality; water pressed turkey and the cheese was Swiss American ( a couple sparse holes and little flavor ).  The mayo tasted more sweet than spicy and the bread was so hard it cut the roof of my mouth.  I couldn't even eat the sandwich; it was so horrible.  I guess the beer is the only good thing here because I ordered a mimosa that my server recommended to me.  The champagne was flat and warm.  When I asked the bar if they could remake it since it was flat and showed them the absence of all bubbles he offered to pour some soda water in it to add some fizz.  Honestly; this place isn't worth the money I'm spending.  If this places wasn't in the airport; there is zero chance it would survive.
The remodel is almost complete and looks fantastic!  Great service always!
Let me start this off with saying this is more about the atrocious service and how downhill this place has gone. About a year ago I had some clients; or are restaurant venture capitalist back in NYC; in town and we stopped by CD for drinks and a casual dinner. Great time; they loved it; so we went back last Saturday.Got there; drinks at the bar went perfect then we were sat; were all went downhill. Our waitress was this shorter blonder girl with longer hair; wish I had gotten her name to call her out. Took her 30 minutes to get us water and drinks; blamed it on the bartenders being all new; which is a lie because the bartenders had taken excellent care of us 20 minutes earlier. Spilt two of the cocktails all over us then proceeded to tell us they ran out of pretzels but if we wanted she could have them make it; 30 minutes after our order was placed. Did you run out of them or forgot to put it in? Instead of a beef barely soup she brought a beef stroganav; mind you she wrote this order down on paper twice because she said she lost the pad the first time. Burger with no cheese? Arrived with cheese. Then comes the bill at which point she tells us that we shouldn't worry she didn't charge us for the pretzels she never brought or the drinks she spilt on us. Then she left us with more words of wisdom; you should all come back on a Monday and Tuesday when it's slow and empty; Saturdays are too busy and we should expect everything to get screwed up.Are you kidding me? I think they've started employing either complete trashy idiots or people who are drunk or high while on the job.
Yum Belgian waffle with strawberry topping and cheesy potatoes! :)
Not much of an antique shopper. If you love the stuff then it is ok.
WARNING!  Might be offensive to those with no sense of humor!  If I could give 10 dogs...I mean stars I would!I had heard a lot of good things about this place and figured I'd give it a try...despite the LONGEST line ever.  As we approached the menu I felt this wave of anxiety wash over me.  I mean how many different toppings can you put on a hot dog.  Wait? Did I read that correctly? Cracker Jacks? Peanut Butter? BACON? GOUDA...on the same hot dog?  Um...yummy???  Ok. so I wasn't as adventurous as my best friend...I opted for the spicy beer dog with sauerkraut; spicy mustard; cilantro; jalapenos; tomatoes; and smoked gouda.  Wrapped in not a typical hot dog bun; but in this soft pita type bread.  I was in love.  My best friend went for it though...she ordered THE BEAR!  Beef dog; peanut butter; bbq sauce; smoked gouda; cracker jacks....I took a bite and instantly had weiner envy!  (hehehe)The peanut butter gave it this asian/thai/korean type of flavor.  It was delicious! Next time I'm going back to have the mango chutney/cilantro dog.  Ok...I know I keep rambling and this review is poorly written; but as I write I keep remembering all of the goodness that goes on in this little food truck.  As for the weiners...(the following has a rating of PG-13 due to some innuendos and connotations that could be inferred) they have that casing that as soon as you put the weiner in your mouth...well; it kinda snaps/pops!  Then all the flavorful goodness just begins to take over your tastebuds and well; I can't speak for everyone here; but I got this warm and fuzzy feeling searing through my body!  I had to take a moment to savor this feeling as I wasn't sure when I would experience it again!  Woooo-sahhhhhh.  This was like being on a date with Shemar Moore...I just wanted to take that dog in my hand and say Hey baby girl...how youuuu doin?  Ok so I mixed a little Joey Tribiani in there as well!Anyway...the dude at the window was super friendly and very patient with my inability to just make a damn decision!  The line moved fairly quickly and the wait for the food wasn't long at all!  Oh did I mention that their corn dogs look like a giant fried piece of heaven?  There's always next time....
Outstanding. Great staff; very helpful and friendly. Fun environment. Our dog has never looked so good!!
Me and my sins favorite place!  Get the Ecuadorean tamales and seco de pollo!  Apple soda is great too!
I just reviewed US Airways (LAX squad) but when checking in upon landing in Phoenix Airport after another absolute horrible experience from Cancun to Phoenix this story needed to be told. Prior to departing from out Hotel to Cancun Airport on December 23; 2012 to catch (Flight 316) I received an email from US Airways advising us that our flight that was scheduled to depart at 4:05 was now changed to 4:35. I figured no big deal 30 minutes; we will still be able to make our connecting flight from Arizona to LAX. Upon arriving at Cancun airport the Mexican staff was fast; efficient; professional and knowledgeable; they even apologized several times from our flight being delayed.  Our bags were taken our passports were checked and we were on our way to our flight in no time flat. Once again US Airways does not deem going from Mexico to USA as an International flight so you are required to pay the $25 service fee per bag. Do you guys remember the reason the $25 bag fee came about? It was because of increased gas prices several years ago and now the airlines look at this as another way to separate you from your money just like a stripper or a waitress at Hooters. Upon arriving at our Terminal and dealing with the American staff manning the check-in counter just adjacent to our gate was another story. There was 1 person to review all passengers' flights documents; customs forms & passports. This caused an absolute quagmire of a line with no direction from the staff. This line and the lack of staff caused the flight that was due to depart at 4:35pm to depart at 5:10pm. That does not seem like that big of a deal but when you add into the mix that basically everyone on the flight was connecting to another flight it is a big deal; add in that when you land in Phoenix you have to go to get your passport checked; go to baggage claim; retrieve your bag; go through customs; recheck your bag & then go through the TSA screening again (i.e. shoes off the whole 9 yards) every minute counts. Our flight takes off as stated above at 5:10pm. Once again for the 4 hour & 45 minute flight no flight entertainment as well as the inflight service once again being horrible. The 1st class flight attendant was hitting on 1 passenger the entire flight. The rest of the flight attendants onboard did their best to avoid eye contact which meant they would walk past you even if you had your hand raised in the air trying to get their attention. What is your biggest fear during a flight besides it crashing or blowing up? I would rank my top fear as smelling 'SMOKE' or the smell of something 'BURNING.' My girlfriend quietly whispered to me 'do you smell something burning?' shortly afterwards another passenger said the same thing and asked the flight attendant if they smelled something burning; the flight attendant instead of actually investigating said 'no' and continued on. We arrived in Phoenix safely but really when more than 1 person is saying they smell something and you basically ignore it? On a plane? REALLY?????We arrived in Phoenix late; did the passport check; baggage retrieval; customs; recheck bags; TSA security and sprinted from Terminal C to Terminal A which by airport standards is a pretty longggggggg way. We arrived and found out that that Flight 35 was holding their doors for everyone to make it from the delayed Cancun flight to the connecting Los Angeles flight. I will say that the staff onboard this flight was nice & helpful but overall I wish I could give this airline negative 500 stars. This airline has forever lost me as a customer and anyone of my friends or family that will listen to the overall experience we had with US Airways NEVER AGAIN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!I forgot to mention when we landed in Phoenix the plane sounded like a 100 year old rollercoaster. Everything shook and made noise; nothing about it was smooth. The overhead compartment doors rattled and the look on the faces of people sitting around me were that of concern; this Airline is a JOKE!!!!!!!!
Macy's is a store that I really love. There is something about this one that is not quite there though. We came in to get my boyfriend some dress shirts.Looking for white Dress shirts and ones not made in China.We had first gone to Nordstrom. I was shocked to see that almost every Man's Dress shirt in Nordstrom's was made in China.So to Macy's next. This Macy's is located in the Scottsdale fashion square Mall.We found a very lovely woman who was willing to help us in the Men's Dept.She found us 2 very nice shirts. Both exactly what we were looking for and the other thing is they were both on Sale!What more could you ask for . We were both very happy. It was a good day.
I took my date here for a romantic evening of mini golf at night.  The experience was excellent and enjoyable.   We went on a weekday during december so the course was quite empty.  The greens are also very high quality especially with the xmas lighting.   I felt that this was one of the best mini golf experiences I've had.  I would pick a time that avoids the crowds to maximize your time !
This was the beginning of my birthday/ NYE night at the W Hotel .Gorgeous ;ambient ; classy restaurant with a beautiful flow .Love the booth seating and the place is super clean with a very upscale feel ;it is a perfect addition to The W.We were a party of 8 and we had reservations -we were warmly greeted and promptly seated .Solid menu which also includes non sushi options ;plus GF.We had a few apps to share at our table -Filet wrapped asparagus ;Edamame Hummus;Oysters;Seared albacore .The wrapped asparagus was delicious and tender ; the Hummus and wontons were a big hit as well. The oysters and albacore were fresh and yummy.Besides having a really nice menu they have a wonderful selection of Sake's and asian martini's .I knew i would be drinking so i steered clear of having sushi for dinner; so instead i had a fabulous Prime rib served with a super yum garlic sauce;my dining companions had the sushi assortment and the Lobster ;scallops and prawns ..all plates were presented well and were delicious .Service was outstanding ;they really took care of us and helped to make my birthday dinner very special .Cannot wait to return !We all had a brilliant time.
very good chinese food; need to know what to order
I was really excited to have an opportunity to spend some time in this historic hotel and I mean the original hotel vs one of the newer buildings. When I walked the halls; surrounded by the cement brick construction and arts and crafts meets the Southwest decor; I could helped but wish I could have seen this grand old lady in her hay day.The rooms are appointed with REAL Stickley furniture; it doesn't get much cooler than that for me! The bed was extremely comfortable. So comfortable; in fact;  that I woke up in the morning with the lights on and the tv blaring. A sign of a true good night's sleep in my books...And the rate? Wow! $95 bucks. Of course; it was three million degrees outside but what do you expect? It's Arizona!
I have been into TC's a few times since its recent ownership change and I have to say it is greatly improved!!  I love the new open floor plan and all the new TV's for game-days.  They have a full bar with a bunch of $2 shots that are a great deal!  The food is now really good.  You have to go in at Saturday and try a Stromboli; they are so good;  huge; and not too expensive.   I always go and Thursday and Saturday nights for Karaoke and have a blast.  The service is very friendly and attentive especially for a sports bar.  New owners have things going the the right direction here.  Keep up the good work.
I automatically love a place where the owner playfully gives me grief for walkin into a beef place and orderin a grilled cheese. Cuz thats what I did.Yes; Mama's has an italian beef/ vienna beef dog heavy menu; but they also have salads; and sandwiches not including italian beef (just in case youre not in the mood for it like I was).The two guys behind the counter were very nice. They struck up conversations w/ all the customers (its nice when people actually try and get to know their clientele); and gave some of us grief.Their prices are decent especially for the amount of food you get. My grilled cheese however was meh. It wasnt the melty deliciousness I was craving; though I have a little to do w/ that though since I chose 2 cheeses. Next time; one cheese will equal melty perfection; Im sure of it.Parking for this place is minimal. Youll be lucky to find a place on the street in front or a space in the small lot in back (uncovered). Id beware of parking in the Tempe feed lot as all their spaces have signs specifically for their customers.All in all; Mamas is a nice little lunch spot.
We recently moved to the area and this is the closest restaurant from our new house. We drive by almost everyday and every time we saw this restaurant in the evening; it's packed with lots of people; no matter it's a weekday or weekend. We assumed this is a good place to eat so decided to give a try.Well....I know we had a kind of high expectation about this restaurant but still; I only can give them 3 stars top. Their service is good enough. I think their food is just average and over priced. The pork was dry and  way too salty and not tender at all. I felt a bit odd to have french fries with tacos and again; they were so salty. The shrimp tacos tasted okay but too much liquid inside; which I guess is water from shrimps; not from sauce. If I ate lots of fast food Mexican food for a while; I would appreciate their food. I think they make effort to make their food look good or sound good but it's missing the x-factor to me and it's just average. There are other Mexican restaurants with better and/or more reasonably priced food. Conclusion; I do not recommend this place and we would not go there again although this is the closest restaurant from our house. I don't say this restaurant is bad but it's not good either; just as 3 stars explain; A-OK.
Maybe my expectations were too high; but this place is a waste of time.Tiny old a$$ TV's built into the wall? Are you kidding me? I thought i was going to a sports bar; not the TV rack at the local Goodwill store. Owners; time to update! You're obviously making money judging by all the over priced bar food and drinks you have; so maybe when you bring in all large screen HDTV's; I'll be back for some overpriced items and lacking service. Until then; I really don't get why this place is somewhat popular. Maybe its because of the cheap theater next door?
Not bad. I had a good classic breakfast; but was a little put off that you can't order sides of something. They call it a la carte but it ends up being almost as expensive as getting the entire meal! For instance; I got eggs; bacon; toast. I wanted to try some latkes; but did not want to order an entire latkes meal which came with toast and eggs. I asked for just a side of latkes...we don't do a side; it is a la carte. Ok fine. $7.99!!!! The latkes MEAL was $8.99! Had a really poor server. I think this was his first job. Got a slice of pumpkin pie to go...pretty good. Nothing that I can't get at Costco.
This place is overrated. I don't understand why people like this so much. My server got our order wrong; and charged us for the food he brought by mistake. Terrible service. I will not go back again. The chicken is on par with Church's and Popeye's at best.
The neighborhoods around the Warner/McClintock Basha's waited; that's WAITED patiently as we were anticipating the reopening of the new and improved (although I never heard ONE PERSON complain about the dated) Bashas.    My husband and I attended the grand opening free breakfast and loved the ambience of the PEOPLE who staff 'our' local store.      I cannot explain the disappointment easily.  Although I understand that the store is basically the same size; it feels sterile and average.  The ceilings are warehouse-y and vibrate the overhead speakers; the floor is made up of large gray tiles that suck the energy out of the spaces; the walls are painted with two different GREENS and neither is decorated...seems bare and underwhelming; the 'cafe' is lovely!!; it feels like you have to walk more to find what you want.  The produce dept  always needed a little improvement and we were told there is a new buyer...THANK YOU!    Overall; I'm glad they are open; maybe I'll get used to it...it feels sad and stark; not warm and welcoming...surfaces are squarish and hard.  I don't know who convinced the Basha's family to go with this design; but try to get your money back.     Always loyal; but not always satisfied!
Brought my 4 year old daughter here. They scratched her 100 times s she cried. I had too tell them to stop. My fault that i didn't know what to expect and let out go too long. There fault that they are supposed to center their practice around children and have no compassion our common sense when dealing with children. I think perhaps they should stop taking new patients if they are so busy they can't take the time to care for there patience.
We have gone to citizen's about a dozen times and they never disappoint. Great service and exceptional food. The drinks are aways creative and excellent. We always have to get the original chopped salad. The tender belly pastrami is amazing. This time we had the trout which was good but probably not great. However it the first time I could say that about any of the food. The rubbed spare ribs are incredible.
I did not like this location AT ALL.   I was overwhelmed on where to park... I couldn't figure out if you park in front or back.  Then I couldn't figure out where the front door was or where you get seated at.  I walked in a complete circle around the place 1 1/2 times.  Then it is dark and crowded.  The service was very hurried and it was not conducive to sitting and enjoying a meal together as there were people waiting for our table (if you are even lucky enough to get a private table).  I much much much prefer the Dobson/Guadalupe location and won't return to this one.However; the food is delicious.  The potato leek soup.  Yummmmm... the bread it is served with is Yummmmm... the pasty was Yummmm (I had the vegetarian potato one with ketchup).  Wish I had saved room for the peanut butter and jelly dessert one as I like it so much.
I tried pesto bellows! Awesome!! The flavor is perfect;  the bread is warm and soft.! I will go back to try something else!
I've eaten here twice and have loved every bite! First I tried every street taco and they were all excellent! The fish taco is the best out of all of them. Then the next time I had the El Campo omelet and added chicken and that was delish. Get the spicy salsa for both the tacos and the omelet...perfect added heat for the meal. Great service and food. A definite Must Try place in Phoenix.
I have to say that while I am a huge Disney fan; I am more an online shopper.  That said; this store is MAGICAL.When they completed the redesign of the store; my daughter went from being okay with just shopping at Macy's with mom to... Can I PLEASE go to the Disney Store?  Just to look?  Please? on every visit to the mall.The trees show different digital images at different times.  There is a place for kids to watch movie and video clips.  The walls actually have hidden pictures that show up randomly.  Sometimes you can catch Tinkerbell flying across the top of the store.Then; there is the castle.  The castle has a magic mirror that is activated by waving wands; crowns; tiaras and some shoes in front of gems atop the mirror.  Once activated; the mirror shows a snippet of your favorite Disney princesses.  The one thing I do NOT like about the castle is its location to the side of the entrance.  While visually interesting; it is dangerous.  How do I know?  When my daughter was two years old; we told her we were leaving the store.  She bolted toward the castle and; even with two parents running toward her; she disappeared.  I was frantically looking for her everywhere in the store.  The Disney cast members were RIGHT on top of the situation and were using their radio to notify every employee to look for a child matching her description.  It turns out; my daughter bolted THROUGH the castle into the mall and into Macy's.  Her dad found her; but it could have been a much worse situation.  It was the scariest moment of my life.  We instituted a no going to the Disney Store without at least two adults present rule that has remained in force to this day.  Of course; older children aren't likely to just bolt... but still!One other thing I like about Disney Store is that if they do not have something in stock; they will order it for you with free shipping to your home.  That came in handy this season; with the introduction of Tinkerbell's sister Periwinkle.  I didn't have to worry about looking for the doll at another mall; it arrived at my home in time for Christmas.Of course; if you check out my pictures you will see one thing I do not like about Disney Store: the store opening!  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/disney-store-chandler?userid=_jjbwHWLFA5GjWFWGLj4ZQ#7I2x84uzEvGCq5Sx44Mo0w I once waiting several minutes after their stated opening time just so a little boy could open the store with a giant key.  I don't know if this happens every day; but I was there waiting for the store to open and they just stood there looking at me until a child approached the store.  Then they asked him if he would like to open it.  It was a little annoyance; but the boy sure seemed to love the experience.  Disney knows how to brighten days!Check it out sometime.  It's pretty cool.
Two words: Hell. No.I have never been to an El Pollo Loco; but I've heard good things; so I went to this location to check it out last night. I ordered the kids pollo bowl with tortilla chips; which is essentially rice; beans; and chunks of chicken.  As soon as I took the lid off; I knew something was wrong.  Was it supposed to be a soup? Because my bowl was SWIMMING in liquid.  I assume that it is from the container they keep the beans in; but it's like they didn't even bother to drain the liquid before they threw the beans in there; and now my bowl is more than half-full of bean water.  The tortilla chips were on par with Taco Bell.  I might go back to try their chicken on the bone; but never again will I order a bowl from this place.  Gross.
Even all menus are regular; common; & ordinary menus; The flavors of each foods that I tried tonight was great. I ate mushrooms with chicken; green beans; seaweeds; fried rice. The kimchi was just OK. The price was about $20-ish. For the same price I can get a lot more options at 'other place' buffet such as more dim sum options; big  lobster; sweet pork belly; etc.
Place is amazing.  Ambiance is great.  Employees are friendly as can be.  Food is terrific.  Get the plain pepperoni pizza. Tortallini is fantastic.  Cheese platter rocks.  Zuchini chips are outstanding.  You really can't go wrong here.  One of attorneys steve's favorite places in Phoenix.
This place is dirty and someone else's review said the ice cram isn't very frozen well it's true. The ice cream and mix ins taste no different then any other cold stone. This one is just convient  for me and  is never a line .
I love this place. I have been coming here since before the changed the name due to a TX based franchise telling them they could not use it. They said it was cheaper to change the name and the signage rather than deal with the legal expenses. Everything is really tasty.  We always start with the tamale sampler platter and then get a couple of dinners to share.  Goat stew is really good when they have it.  I like the Bandeja Paisa which is a big plate full of the typical food eaten down there to fill you up. They make my dishes extra spicy for me.  Try to get there when they open or when they are not too busy.  When the place is really full of people it can take awhile to get food but it is worth the wait.  The guy with the cap that works out front giggles a lot and is always entertaining. Riquísimo !
Just to reiterate; this place is fantastic. It's small businesses like Eden's Grill that make neighborhoods. Worth the trip every time. And they cater! Amazing handmade desserts too. Spread the word!
I always leave this place feeling rejuvenated and healthy - you can FEEL this food is good for your body; heart; and mind. I have never had anything bad here; and I am a meat and potatoes kind of guy; and I would eat here every day if I had the time and could afford it! The staff are EXTREMELY helpful with food and especially tea choices; and the ambiance and aura add to the feeling of well-being after treating your body to the way food SHOULD be. I can't recommend this place highly enough.Too bad they close so early....
Great salad! How about making fries from fresh potatoes rather than using frozen ones?  Or is it the owner's opinion that we at Gilbert don't know any better?
This place is nice but nothing outstanding. If you are looking for a place to go and get pampered this is not the place for you. The pool is nice and the hot tub is pretty large and awesome.  The only restaurant on the premises is a small snack shop by the pool which has sandwiches and such. The rooms have kitchens which provide what you need if you want to make your own food while you are there. There is a breakfast provided from 8-8:45 two days a week which is nice but isn't out for long after the 8:45 end time. During that time you are presented different activities and excursion type stuff you can do in the area.The concierge is definitely helpful as they recommended a good breakfast place (though there are others) and helped us get a tee time at a discounted rate at a nice course nearby.Assuming you have a car; going to Sedona is a must and is a pretty drive up there. Also interesting if you are adventurous and are comfortable driving on unpaved roads in the mountains is driving the Apache Trail which goes out to Tonto National Forest and Roosevelt Lake.I would likely go somewhere else if I went back to Scottsdale as I wasn't blown away by the place; but it depends what type of vacation you are looking for. The place was clean but the maid service didn't really do much.
Stopped by for a quick lunch near work. I was pretty happy with the chicken panini I ordered ($7.25 with chips); the chicken; mushrooms and pesto were all very good.I took a sip of my friend's Breakfast Buzz (peanut butter-banana-espresso) and it was really tasty too... reminded me of the Mocha Monkey that Coffee Plantation serves (I ask them to add peanut butter to that one). The guy at the counter was really nice and friendly and didn't rush us to order even though it was getting busy.I'll definitely have to swing by again soon for another sandwich and maybe indulge on that Breakfast Buzz. The salads sounded really nice and filling too. As far as food goes in that area; it seems like one of the better options.Parking sucks (something like 7 spots?) and the drive thru line looks like it can get crowded fast; but I might just park a little further down the street in the Wilshire Plaza and walk by next time. Only wish they were open later in the day so I could grab something on my way out of work.
This is a small; quirky; family-run restaurant.   Maybe we went at a bad day; but they had real problems.Service was way slow and confusing.   Other reviewers say this; and this does not rate 2 stars.     We got an appetizer plate that came with two small crackers; I asked for a couple more crackers it took like 10 minutes no kidding.    Bottom line is that they are stretched thin and very disorganized.  A couple of the dishes were terrible.  We got a three kinds of baked casseroles (you have to order in advance).   One was some kind of tomato cream dish way too sweet and salty.  The other was some kind of potato fish bake; greasy; again way salty; and had bad fish smell.  Keep in mind that I like sardines; anchovies etc and that I like salty food.We had a large party and asked for a few extra plates; were told there was usually a 4 dollar plate fee to cover dish washing cost.  Huh?Atmosphere:  I usually don't care about atmosphere and I realize they had to rent a strip mall place; but too loud.   The eating area is small and has hard surfaces; and they had a boom box playing pop music.   Basically everyone had to talk louder; which echoed; which made everyone talk louder.    We did get a few good items and I wish them the best of luck.   My advice to owners:Simplify your menu; figure out popular dishes that you do well and cut out most of the rest; then try to organize your operation.   The biggest problem with small restaurants is sometimes trying to do too much.Secondly cut the boom box.   Don't copy the worst of chain restaurants by providing free music; at least until you get better acoustics.I don't own restaurant and if I did it would certainly fail; so take my advice for what it is worth.   This restaurant will be moving to new; larger location and if they don't prepare the problems could get much much worse.   Current staff and organization with bigger place would be disaster.Good luck; would like to come back.
This place is ridiculous!!!!! I have been working on vehicles for 15 years but I can't do it all with my busy schedule. I had my wife bring in her car to have an alignment done and these guys estimated an additional $2200 worth of work that needs to be done. B.S. I then sent her back in there to get her car and the guy at the front counter said the estimate is $45 which I had no problem paying. Then he asked her to go get cash for the estimate?? (Fishy) So I decided to call and ask how much an inspection costs and the district manager was randomly there and said that inspections are free!!! They see a pretty girl come in and take full advantage!!! If you plan on using this scammer company make sure you have a knowledgable person with you. I will never use this place again and am getting another estimate somewhere else. I will make an update review when I hear back from the next place but for the time being I will make a formal complaint to the BBB!
I really like the organic food. That being said my organic food has to taste good if it is going to get a good review and this one does. Really like the breakfast here (haven't tried lunch or dinner). They have good coffee and really good bacon. We have been many times and enjoy it. It makes our rotation periodically on the weekends. The downfall here could be their service. For such a small place it should not be hard to have a few great servers. We have been pretty lucky but have seen others struggle.
So far the service is stinking... Food is just OK
The Chicken Pho was good; but not great.  My girlfriend had the beef and meatball Pho.  It was kind of bland and she had to add a bunch of salt.  Service was good up to the point of our waitress getting off for the day.  After that we did not get any service except for the bill. Still looking for a great Pho restaurant.
Ever wonder why a place that doesn't have seafood has a warning that the food served may contain shellfish products? I do! Just a question to ponder while you what in a long line for a juicy burger at this no-frills eatery.  We showed up on a beautiful Friday; so of course there was a mad rush. Unfortunately; there was no free parking available; so I paid for parking across the street at the ASU lot.After walking up to order a bacon burger and fries; we got lunch served on a paper plate; like you would at a family BBQ or picnic grill. Seriously; it's no frills. Then; you head over to the condiment bar to get your own lettuce; tomatoes; ketchup; onion; etc. Just like if you were at a family BBQ. Noticing a trend?  Now; find a place to sit; but warning; it might be sticky!On to the food: the burger was juicy; and had good flavor; but the bun was TERRIBLE. Grocery-store-white-bread-soggy-in-10-seconds; wait; the kind that you get at a family BBQ; bun.  Toppings were acceptable; not exceptional.  Fries were decent.  You gotta eat pretty fast before the sandwich falls apart.Pros: juicy burger.Cons: bad bun. Come here if you miss your family BBQ! And what is up with that food allergy warning?
Continue to be horrible. Now I ordered carpet; they input the wrong one; when I communicate this they tell me the carpet I ordered 12/24 is no longer carried! This store is a train wreck.
So I decided to give them one more chance and brought my son this time. Worst haircut ever -see photo posted. It looks like his 4 year old sister took a pair of safety scissors to his head. It looked passable when we left as it was wet but oh Jesus - freakin - Christ when it dried it was awful and it cannot be fixed -unless you shave it- until it grows out. Thanks for screwing up my sons hair just in time for holiday parties and photographs. FAIL.
I had luncheon bleu cheese flatbread pizza and salad. Loved the flatbread and salad was tasty with variety lettuce not head lettuce.  Three of us shared a chocolate pizzooky and it was scrumptious. Nice environment and friendly waitress. I would recommend.
Mixed set of experiences here.  It's a craft beer destination; and as such they have some frustrating qualities.  They have a draft list posted on their website; but they're too lazy to keep it updated.  So yes; you might find yourself driving here to try a particular beer listed and it is not offered.  I asked for one by name and the bartender chuckled and said they haven't had it for MONTHS.  Yeah; not really funny to me.Service is normally very pleasant and attentive; especially when not too busy.  Pretzel is quite good; though a bit non-traditional with the cream cheese mustard.  Clean atmosphere thought a bit dark.  Restrooms always clean.  Parking can be somewhat tough during times of the year when snowbirds are around.
Last week I called and stated that the suspension on my front load LG washer was going bad and I called to have them come out and fix it. So the tech shows up on Tuesday; walks up to the machine; spends 3 minutes running a diagnostic and says you need new shocks . I  already knew that; i explained to him thats why i called. I expected them to come out and replace them. He laughed and said we don t carry parts; we would need to have 3 semi trucks follow us around to carry parts for everything we serviced . So he asked for the $74 for the call and said someone would call me the next morning and schedule the repair. I was a little upset because i thought thats what they were coming to do this time but i said ok; and waited to hear from them.So; Wed comes and goes and i call right before they close asking when they can come fix my machine. The lady (who never seems happy to talk to anyone who calls apparently) put me on hold; came back a few minutes later and told me the tech hasn't dropped the paperwork off from the previous day yet so i need to just wait until they call me. So i asked; cant they just quote me for the shocks and the repair so i know what its going to cost; she said no. They can t do anything without that paperwork; even give me a price or estimated day or repair. So i wait; and wait; 2 more days go by and i hear nothing. I call up and they are closed. I send an email i hear nothing. My check for $74 is cleared; it was cleared the next morning after i gave it to the tech so he must have handed the paperwork in contrary to what the secretary stated. So i paid $74 for this company to come tell me what i already knew. I have family coming in for the holidays and need my washer. I have to call another company to come out and fix it now. I lost my $74 and will be contacting the BBB and anyone else who will listen.This was a total waste of my money and time.Save your time and go somewhere else. Seriously; there are enough places out there; just find another one with better ratings and save yourself the headaches. It s not worth your time or money to get involved with this company.
I don't get the obsession with this place. The tortillas are fresh but other than that everything is literally dripping in grease but not much flavor. Service is also slow considering it is set up as fast food. Plus any place that closes on Sunday gets an automatic loss of a star from me.
The food here is delicious and follows suit with the other Fuego establishments. The place is fairly small and gets a crowd before events downtown. Both times I've been here; they only have one server on staff. He seems to get the job done; but be warned that if 3 tables just walked in ahead of you; you'll be waiting til he takes care of them before getting to your order. This is totally fair; and I'm not complaining; but don't say I didn't warn ya.  I loved the Fuego pasta with the spicy sausage and my companions all loved the tacos. Everyone enjoyed the sangria... Red; white; and the remix (both mixed.)  This place is always an option when looking for a bite at the City Scape; just make sure you plan ahead and give yourself enough time.
Food is outstanding; however the last time I was here; the girl behind the counter thought it was necessary to be playing heavy metal music at the volume level of 12.... VERY unprofessional of her; but the food is
Ok; so i didn't try the cobbler.. after reading Brad S's i guess i am glad i ate too much..  What i did have was the fried catfish and some cornbread; clean fry all together; not greasy.. going by what i had i would go back next time i am having a cajun craving
Like most Chinese joints; this place is the cheapest during lunch.  I appreciate a good lunch special and I know that those specials aren't the authentic Chinese cuisine dishes of the Far East; rather the Americanized versions that we have all come to know and love.  They do it all right here and I am always pleased with the service and quality here.Craving chow mein; Mongolian beef; sweet and sour; and fried rice?  This is your place.
Take a chance and try the blue cheese with honey!  As spoiled as I am with the amazing San Francisco Ice Cream Scene (Bi-Rite and Humphrey Slocombe) this is one of the best scoops I have ever had.  Such inventive flavors; well exectued classics and an incredibly nice staff.  It's a new must-do every time I'm in Phoenix visiting the family.
Great TexMex/Southwestern food located in the Arizona center! Chips&Salsa; table side guac; margaritas; white chocolate pecan tamales and superb service made our last meal here in Phoenix a memorable one! SERVICE was excellent from everyone here. The hostess; server; and manager were great. In general; we felt everyone in AZ was friendly and this place was no exception. I had a few questions after seeing their menu and they were happy to answer them. My first two questions came after reading their sign at the front door:http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/6Wc5DPXGudcNi2XK7QfQtA?userid=QhYJx2jQdPuSq3fGe3aGcA#5bkxBk1xbLz1lfpCt1slkAWHAT?!? LIMIT 2 MARGARITAS?! I never heard of this!! Our server explained that each margarita order is actually 2 glasses full; each glass has 2oz of alcohol so they limit you to 2 orders = 4 glasses = 8oz of tequila. I guess it's true; 1 tequila; 2 tequila; 3 tequila; floor. Recommend!http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/6Wc5DPXGudcNi2XK7QfQtA?userid=QhYJx2jQdPuSq3fGe3aGcA#9CoBAf2lHDm-VuDInPyyqAhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/6Wc5DPXGudcNi2XK7QfQtA?userid=QhYJx2jQdPuSq3fGe3aGcA#0EvNrLfD3apsqZt0tNaaBQCHIPS and SALSA! This is not your ordinary chips and salsa! Like everyone else says; these are great! The salsa is awesome by itself and the 4 different types of chips - wonton; sweet potato;  blue&white corn tortilla (some of which were dusted with some magic sweet/salty/spicy rub) just hit the spot. Awesomely recommend.TABLESIDE GUACAMOLE! Holy guacamole! They explain all the ingredients that go into their guacamole to make sure everyone is ok with them and then proceed to make the freshest and best guac...take notes because this stuff is good! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/6Wc5DPXGudcNi2XK7QfQtA?userid=QhYJx2jQdPuSq3fGe3aGcA#iye-PBk09GNJJhpwsGFq5wThe dinner entrees were just okay. Nothing special going on there. But by this time you are wasted from the the two margaritas so it doesn't really matter. CHECK-IN on YELP; get free dessert! The white chocolate pecan tamales that arrived at our table were great; and this banana burrito was the free check-in offer!! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/6Wc5DPXGudcNi2XK7QfQtA?userid=QhYJx2jQdPuSq3fGe3aGcA#APw9-23ZffmGQj9u4lAv6AI'm not gonna argue whether this place is authentic or not. I'm no expert. However; this place has stood the test of time; as we've visited this place multiple times over the past 10+yrs whenever we are in Phoenix because we like it.
Check this place out for their Reuben and Onion Petals...EXCELLENT. The fact they have MULTIPLE HD screens tuned in to the World Series and the OU vs ND game is irrelvalent. GREAT; FUN CROWD !!
Came here to get fitted for my new marathon kicks; although it was a long commitment time wise; I came out with a great pair of saucony's. They will try to up sell you of course for some insoles; don't need them...Make sure to sign up for VIP online for a dollar and get savings in store.I like coming here to get my running bottles; socks; energy gels and other accessories.
I love this Baskin Robbins. They have great deals like a discount on ice scoops on Tuesday nights and a buy one get one  free Sunday night on Wednesdays. Plus the nice young kid working there also let me know that on week days; they have an after school special on half priced kid sized scoops till 5pm. I've made this my place to hangout with friends and enjoy some good ice cream. The staff is very friendly and I always leave happy & satisfied. I recommend this Baskin Robbins for anyone looking for a cool place to relax and have some tasty ice cream.
Unfortunately; as Jennifer P. posted they have closed :( anyone know if the chef is cooking for a new restaurant?
As I grew up in the Metrocenter area I've been going to AJ's for years; since it was YC's. It's pretty good. It's inexpensive; they offer turkey; beef; pork; and chicken; lots of veggies; and sauces for a myriad of flavors; fast service; and plenty of food; even for the lunchtime deal of one bowl per customer (dinner is all you can eat). I've had other Mongolian BBQ around town and AJs is the best. Since it gets 3 stars; I suppose that means PHX isn't exactly the place to be if you want amazing Mongolian BBQ; but there it is.
I found her on yelp and could not resist to see what everybody was talking about . Prices were very reasonable . Alison is awesome ! Designed postcards and new business cards in a day . I could have not thought of anything better . She has a real talent .!!!
We eat here at least once per week; but I don't always check in.  Not kidding.  Ah-Hai is great!  I'm a vegetarian; so I haven't tried the real sushi.  But; the veggie rolls are delicious and quite affordable during happy hour (which is pretty much any time after 4).  My kids love the grilled chicken teriyaki and vegetables.  Try the Nessa roll with carrot if you like veggie sushi rolls.
A note on my rating: Based on the expectations my friends created for this restaurant; I would give Cafe Zupas two stars. If I have to be entirely objective; I'd give it two and a half stars. Since Yelp doesn't offer half-star increments; I'm reluctantly giving Cafe Zupas three stars.Why do so many of my friends love this place? I don't know. Could it be because many of them went to school in Utah; where Zupas originates; and the restaurant reminds them of their college glory days? If so; I get that. I; however; did not partake in their college experience so I'm not privy to the nostalgia they must feel when they are greeted by the harsh blue neon that is Cafe Zupas' decor.The food; while good; is unimpressive. It's just risky enough to be different from your average cafe fare. With more locations popping up in Utah and Arizona (and other states to follow soon; according to their website); it's apparent that as a restaurant Zupas is more interested in growth (read: profit) than making an impact in the culinary world. In other words; it seems their focus is more on creating a menu that everyone will enjoy rather than true culinary innovation. And there is absolutely nothing wrong with that as long as that's what their going for.I ate at Cafe Zupas last night for a friend's birthday dinner. I had a honey bacon club panini; which I enjoyed; although it was cold and somehow seemed grow soggier with every bite I took. The shrimp and sausage gumbo soup was alright; I found the shrimp disappointing. It was mealy and the size of shrimp you would find in a Cup of Noodles. For a dish that boasts shrimp as a primary ingredient you'd hope they'd do a bit better on the shrimp.
OK; I was lucky to be a guest to this event.  I generally was not excited to go ; but after experiencing it I was quite impressed.  What a great performance and great experience.I have not seen a live performance at a theater in a long time so it is good to get out of ones typical normal routine. The performance was inspiring and the amount of work; man hours; and people it takes to put on a show is overwhelming.  Even the children that perform in the show devote time away from family and friends during December to put on a truly great show.The question and answer session was very educational and luckily Lindsey lead the charge.  She asked lots of questions that most of us wanted to ask; but were too shy.  Learned a lot about theater production from the Director; Michael.  I found a new appreciation for the Theater because of this.  As for the theater; great seats and I was very comfortable during the 2 hour show.  I also liked the cookies and open bar during intermission.  You cannot take the food and drinks into the theater; but they give plenty of time to enjoy some snacks and drinks during break.  We had a great time and I have to thank Lindsey; Yelp; and Ballet AZ for making this happen.  I plan on making the theater another great event for family and friends to attend.
I shop here because; it is the only place to get what I need in biking distance.  9 out of 10 times;  I am overcharged.  On my last 2 visits it was for over $4.  I make it a habit to go over my receipt; near customer service to collect my inevitable refund.
I had not been to Wendy's in.....forever. Went last week and tried their 1/2 Baja salad. It was really good. Then went again a few days ago and had the same thing and a potatoe. I like that they have the soda machines where you can get any flavor. They even have diet caffeine free vanilla coke and diet caffeine free cherry coke. The yhave remodeled several locations and it really doesn't flow well. Everything is all backed up; no way to escape. How about removing that wall so we can go sit down. Call us up when it's ready. Or for the people that are waiting for their to go order; let them have a special seating area to wait. They do have several seating areas and then some areas with tables and chairs.
I hadn't ever been to a Chili's; except for one visit way back in the mid '80s; so today I finally stopped into this one for lunch today; joined by Arlin B.  Of course I went for the almost a buffet choice of their Bottomless Express Lunch which does give you all you can eat for one low price.     :-)This Chili's is a nice place; a tri-level affair.  The fairly low ceilings; decor; and comfortable booths add up to a very nice dining environment.  The service was just right too!They started us out with a big bowl of tortilla chips & a large cup of mild but ok tasting thick red salsa.I ordered a regular salad; once.  It had lots of good ingredients and came on a big square plate with; in my case; two cups of Ranch Dressing to pour on.For soups; I had a bowl of Chicken Enchilada and later a bowl of Spicy Southwest Chicken & Sausage; from the four choices including chili.  They were both delicious.This was a completely enjoyable lunch outing & very reasonably priced at $6.99; so it's a big 4 Stars!  I'm sure to return to a Chili's again soon to try one of their weekday Lunch Special sandwich & soup combos; which were also tempting and inexpensive.     :-))
Good happy hour drinks; great service; but mediocre food. We had the fish and chips; they were very greasy and kind of bland. I also had the vegetable soup to start with and was so oily; that I could not eat it.
The service is pretty standard for a cheap vietnamese restaurant - not particularly friendly.If you can deal with that; the food is incredibly cheap and delicious. I order the ca kho to (carmelized catfish) - my boyfriend said this smelled and looked awful; but I love fish and this was really tasty. It was also like 2.5 meals worth for under $7.My boyfriend ordered the veggie rice noodle dish - he wasn't a huge fan of the veggie mix (cabbage; onions; bok choy and carrots) but I thought it was really good. The gravy/sauce they stir try it in is really tasty.Definitely will be back!
One of the busiest times of the year for my business (being a pet sitter during Christmas holidays); my car decided the alternator should die.  My husband tried to change out alternator on a Sunday (without correct tools) and the next day is Christmas Eve.  So; on Christmas Eve I called Tobias and they said they would be open until noon.  Called Super Hook towing and they went out right away and had my car to Tobias by 9:30am.  The tech at Tobias had my alternator changed and my car running by 11:30.  (The right tools always help.)  Thank you Tobias!!
Note that the previous reviews were from before the remodel. There are bathrooms and adult beverages. My kids went here on a Saturday morning with their grandpa and had a great time. They said everything was very modern and clean. At 10am on Saturday morning kids under 12 bowl free; you just have to pay for the shoe rental. The kids said there  were several bowling balls to choose from. The owner and the employees working there were very friendly. You definitely should come check the new place out!
Best prices for kids baseball pants.
We flew British Airways in 2006 and loved it!!! We flew them again in April; 2012 and it was terrible!!! Both times we flew non-stop Phoenix to London which of course is great. In April we experienced the same problems on both flights - over to London and back home.The seats were cramped with no leg room and hardly any seat space. The flight attendants were snarly and it was an interruption of their day to help us with anything; even serving our food. Airline food is never good so we didn't have high expectations and they fulfilled those easily with crummy food.Of course the seat in front of me reclined into my space and was uncomfortable but what do we expect as they try to cram as many people on the flight as possible.On both legs the air conditioning didn't work so the plane was extremely warm.  On the way back; we couldn't board for over an hour because they were trying to cool the interior the plane.We fly often and this flight was the worst experience we have ever had. Best of all; they don't seem to care. Good luck!!
North Valley Mexican excellence.  I have only been here one time that I was disappointed with the service; but one time compared to many other enjoyable times is forgivable.Great food; excellent drinks and the bar is where it's at.  My favorite is the heart stopping Fundido.  Happy hour has 1/2 priced apps and BIG mugs to wash them down.  Chips and Salsa are in abundance and may fill you up before you enjoy your meal; so take it easy.Great for a date night; family dinner/lunch; or a happy hour excursion.
Great spot for a casual drink in old town. Love the patio and the big round bar. Most bartenders pour weak drinks but overall great spot!
This has always been a great mall; is shows its age very well. This has to be an expensive location since stores are always closing or moving to a different location in the mall. This has always had a great selection of different stores inside and around the mall along with lots of places to eat. Has a decent play area for the kids; and a snack shop right by the play area where they dont charge any taxes; why I have no idea. Double decker merry go round is always hit with the kids 2 rides for $5 and adults ride free with kids. Great place to escape the Summer heat but just remember when you go back to your car its going to be 200 degrees inside of it.
Serves food until 2AM!Saturday specials: $4 red headed slut shots... I think we are tempted. Too bad we didn't see the 3rd red head who walked by us as we all agreed to take it on the 3rd one that walks by. :(I've been eyeing this place for the longest time since I've been seeing my two friends from Arizona checking into this place. Finally got to try it out and....I only liked the drinks; atmosphere and the pool table. Totally did NOT like the food that night. On their menu; there is a bar snacks and entree section. I decided to eat something small since I know I cannot finish a burger or a taco by myself; so I got the chicken and beef kabobs. Some of you should know how a kabobs look like right? If you don't; they look like this http://yieatn.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/06/kabobs-719954.jpg and what yucca gave me was only meat and no veggies. Disappointed...I wished they at least listed on the menu somewhere 'just meat' When I got the kabobs; my chicken tasted fine; but my beef tasted like it got dipped into salt at least 5x... Ugh. I hope the food only tasted that yucks because of not having enough people in the kitchen. I mean... if you're going to serve bar snacks; it shouldn't take 40-50 mins. Gah....Pool table entertained us the most throughout the night. $1 quarters a game. Plus there's a live band in the other room if you're interested in listening. By the way; there's also another bar in the same room where the band places but only a couple of tables to sit down. maybe it's a bad night that we went...I guess we'll have to find out the next time I visit! Until then...this place was OKAY.
Emerson Fry Bread is the BEST!!!  I was shopping food trucks for my little girls party last year and found Emerson Fry Bread first so fitting (because my daughter's name is Emerson); but was pleasantly surprised as all of my guests were at the delicious flavors Emerson and his family created.  I again; used him this last weekend and of course; the food was TO DIE for.  Everyone loved the freshness; the cleanliness and the quality of service we received.  Forget the pizza ordering and CALL EMERSON FRY BREAD!!  I will use him for my parties as much as I can.  Loren Emerson has a passion for what he does folks; and you can taste it in his creations.  My neighbor enjoyed it so much that now her daughter will be using Emerson Fry Bread for her birthday party!  Thanks again Loren!!  You; Roxanne and your family are truly the best and very inspirational for your passion and hard work!!
awesome sandwiches and options; the BEST peanut butter cookies!!; and really friendly and helpful service. Highly recommend - orders come out pretty quick; but call ahead for take-out on busy lunch days.
If you need an odd-ball battery; it's here!  I'm all set on cell phones; but they seemed to represent all networks and had a large selection of phones.  There's plenty of staff on hand.  I was in and out for the batteries I needed in about 2 minutes
Staff was extremely friendly; served me pad Thai and BBQ pork for lunch. The meat was perfectly cooked and expertly spiced. (Thai hot is their hottest setting; just on the edge of perfect just needs a tiny more of a kick) the tofu was ok; not great but all in all a fantastic mood; food was great and it was pretty fairly priced. 10.99 for lunch combo which was too much food for even me and unlimited soda. Would highly recommend
Carrot cake cupcake: pretty good.Monkey bread: hard as a rock on the outside; and just okay in the middle.That said; the decor is very cute; and the guy that was working was very nice.
Tony is an Excellent Barber...I was completely out of date on my cut; he made a suggestion for a new style; I trusted his instincts and we went with it! Since then; I've kept that style as he was exactly right! For those with beards; Tony is your man; he is patient and will give you a great look! Say bye-bye to all those other commercial cutters; Tony is the only one you'll need to stay in style!
We love coming here. The pizza is always delicious and ready on time.  The location is very convenient to us.Don't try ordering online though; the website is a mess.
This place has so much potential but I feel the little details that make it great are overlooked. I live in Verrado so have been there a few times; and each time I left I felt the same. The food is good; but little things like no bread of any kind comes with lasagna. Just a plate of lasagna for a pretty high price. No salad; no garlic bread; nothing.  The restaurant itself is beautiful with it's view of the open pizza pit; etc. A few things like we couldn't hear the music; the candles weren't lit; the heaters outside weren't on and it was chilly. These little details would make the place awesome. I have to say they have an amazing chocolate hazelnut pizza type dessert!!!  The location is Verrado; right on Main so at Christmastime especially with the park trees lit is just a gorgeous view. All in all; I guess I'm on the fence with this place; just needs a little more attention to details by management.
I was anxious to try the Ruben because I love Togo's pastrami Ruben. Upon entering the staff was super friendly. The next thing I noticed was the price. It was a little steep. Just under $7 bucks for the regular and almost $12 for the big one. They should have something in between. They warmed up the pastrami on the grill and melted the Swiss then loaded it onto the roll. I noticed that they actually slice the cheese fresh which is impressive. I was pretty disappointed in the sandwich. The pastrami had little taste and the bred was kind of overwhelmingly dry. My son had the same thing and definitely agreed. Not only was the taste lacking but he was still hungry since I just got him a regular. I'm not a subway fan; but considering the cost and taste I would go there over here. I doubt we will be going back.
We had problems booking through fandango so I really do recommend just using the amc app if you use any app to buy tickets or try your luck at buying tickets when you get there but just a warning you pick your seats that you buy and they are assigned and go fast so don't show up 10 minutes before on the day a movie is released and expect to sit wherever because that won't happen. My husband and I LOVE the cinema suites because the seats are like sofas so we can cuddle up and be comfortable like we are at home. Cinema suites is 21 and up because you are able to order alcohol and fork and screen is 18 and up. We prefer esplanade over a regular amc because we don't have to worry about younger kids disrupting the movie. (don't get me wrong we love kids and have one but its nice to enjoy a movie without interruption) the food here is actually not bad and its nice to eat and watch the movie but with Biltmore so close by I'd recommend just having a nice dinner at a restaurant because here its overpriced for the quality. All in all we come here for the peace and extremely comfortable seats just make sure you get tickets early and DON'T get them in the back because when sitting in the seats the low wall blocks some of the screen; poor planning on their part. Also if you are 21+ just go to cinema suites not fork and screen because fork and screen seats honestly aren't much better than regular old theater seats and cinema suites are seriously like private couches. Anyway; with all the fancy additions it is more than a regular theater but its only $12 and regular theaters are $9; the seats and privacy are alone well worth the extra $3 not to mention they serve meals and alcohol if you choose to buy any. PLUS if you have the AMC stubs card you rack up points fast here
I'm going to have to knock Factcat down a notch because they have been slipping  lately. Everything I said in the previous review still applies; but:* They are giving an increasing number of showcase dances during primetime dancing. Most of these shows feature mediocre talent that nobody but a captive audience would want to watch. Most people come there to dance -- not to watch novice students practicing basic dance routines.* Group lessons are often atrocious. Too much time is spent telling jokes and acting like jesters. In the meantime very little learning takes place. Many people are starting to suspect the lessons are there to advertise to the public how little they know so that they will take expensive private lessons. * Rotations during group lessons aren't consistent; and increasing numbers of couples who won't rotate get in the way of those who do. * Beginners are allowed to take the intermediate class. This might be OK except that the majority of the class are beginners; so the more experienced dancers end having to practice routines with people who can't follow the lesson. * So much emphasis is put on the male lead that the women don't learn their part. It's just assumed that women are like a sack of potatoes that don't have to know how to dance as long as the men know how to lead them. Ladies: sorry to bust your Fatcat bubble but you do have to learn how to do your part for each dance genre. * The dance patterns are complicated; and often too difficult for the skill levels of the dancers at the group lessons. So; men don't learn how to throw their sack of potatoes around (see previous bullet); and everyone has a TRAIN WRECK.* There is a lot of gossip about the qualifications of the instructors. They need to work on credibility.Fatcat is a wonderful studio that is more of a community than the chain dance studios can provide. Please don't let my criticisms deter you from checking it out -- especially Saturday night because the ballroom party is excellent. That said; Fatcat survives because of a lack of serious competition. If a well run large studio ever opens up in that part of town Fatcat could become RoadKill.
Solid food; get the pork chop and the Shrimp Diablo. Dlish!
I work at a restaurant; and I went down there for business trip; 100;000 sq ft! I was impressed; not only that; but the prices were incredible; I got a 12 speed glass blender for $35 dollars; it was an amazing experience.
I ordered the Margherita pizza. it was just ok I have never had one made like I have tasted in New York with fresh balls of mozzarella fresh bail and tomato's. I still will order but maybe ill try something different.
Still the best burger i've ever had.  I try to get in here at least once a month and the quality is very consistent.
So it's New Years Day. I got up at 7 am and drove 40 miles so we could have breakfast at Chompies in Tempe then catch a 10:45 showing of The Hobbit at Arizona Mills Imax. We got our tickets; bought a drink; found a seat watched the same coming attractions we had seen last week in Harkins Casa Grande. When it came time for the Movie to start they tuned on the lights and said the projector is broken this showing is cancelled . They gave us 4 return passes but so what. We have lived in this area for 10 years and this is the second time we have been there. Driving 80 miles to see a movie takes the fun out of it. Screw You Harkins
Good happy hour. Sushi is okay.
So I did a google search for 'gourmet Mac n cheese' in Phoenix and this place popped up since they have 'The Mac N Cheese Plate'. I was really excited to try it since the description sounded great with 3 cheeses and bread crumb topping. I started with a drink called Ting Tang Tini and it wasn't too bad. The service wasn't awesome as our server wasn't the most attentive and she was kind of short with us while we were placing our order (and the restaurant wasn't THAT busy). So I got my Mac N Cheese plate and it looked okay; but nothing fancy and It was hot as lava and stayed hot for at least fifteen minutes; which I found odd because REAL cheese usually cools off faster than that. When it cooled down enough to taste it; I quickly realized that the '3 cheese blend' was really just some sort of plastic-like fake cheese such as Velveeta. There were hardly any breadcrumbs on the top; which was also a disappointment. I don't have a huge problem with Velveeta cheese; but if I am paying $11 for Mac N Cheese; I definitely expect it to be real cheese and somewhat a bit more Gourmet. Other than the disappointing pasta; Everything else was alright-nothing to write home about and I don't see myself going back there any time soon.
1.; the bad; a $17 parking/resort/hold fee. this alone is a reason not for us to return. now if they had a parking structure that had a mortgage i wouldn't mind. but there is on street parking closer than the parking lot. the last time we had this kind of fee was in Waikiki; this is not there. elevator smells like smoking; but the hallways and room doesn't.the restaurant closed; for good or for xmas; we can't tell. no microwave.2. the good. beautiful spa and pool. very good staff. almost no one here for xmas;we've only seen a handful of people. bikes for free in lobby. towels; snacks; large screen tv; no extra channels or movies. nice ac controls. large room; funny chairs-not comfortable. safe in closet.odd but interesting; bust of don bolles in lobby. in an older badly aging part of phoenix; must have been an exclusive area 30 years ago.recommendations:get rid of $17 resort charge; cease $90 credit card hold; lots of us have emails tracking expenditures and don't like these mystery.play up the pool and skydeck on roof. have entertainment there; even a talented accordian player would add something; play up art angle; both staff we talked to knew a lot about art; have their projects displayed through hotel.build on your strengths-the pool; the roof; the people who work there.get a sheet of art attractions; display it; hand it all; work out deals with artsy places to display on walls and even in the rooms. make it a travel here to enjoy phoenix's small art shows and struggling artists place. it has potential but needs to be pushed to realize it.
Came here recently for the first time with visiting family. The food was delicious and very affordable. We plan on coming back for more very soon!
This place is incredible.  Really great service; delicious food and drinks; and the manager even came by to thank us for coming in.  The fries were amazing; the chicken and waffles was amazing; the beers were amazing; the pretzels were amazing ... the only thing that wasn't so amazing was the check at the end of the night; but I'd say it was worth every penny.
Can we just talk about the bacon and cheese sandwiches here.Usually; when you order a cheese sandwich; you expect to receive cheese with your sandwich; right?Well; not here. Not at Nana's.At Nana's they give you some sandwich with your cheese.The slab of (apparently Kraft) cheese was almost thicker than my finger. It oozed out of the sides of the sandwich and malevolently crept onto my plastic plate; spreading its unnaturally orange goo wherever it touched. The other ingredients of the salad - bacon and salsa - seemed to hide in the bread; recoiling from the menace below.Eating the sandwich; all I could taste was the cheese.There was no bacon. There was no salsa.Only cheese.I'm uploading a photo of the sandwich so you can see for yourself. It's truly a monstrosity.Other than the Sandwich from Cheesy Hell; the restaurant was awkwardly quiet; the airspace filled only by the ticking of the clock and the clicking of silverware on plastic as the restaurant's one other patron; an elderly man; picked at his salad.I didn't feel welcome and the staff weren't friendly; as other reviews have raved. I felt like I was at a Western-decorated mortuary.At least the apple pie was good.
This is an Asian market.  They specialize in foods and ingredients from countries like Thailand; Vietnam; Philippines; etc.  They have a large variety of rices (generally in large bags); various fruits and vegetables not normally found in American groceries; many prepared foods; seasoning packs; and much more.  If you need fish sauce; they have it here.   Their meat section is unique also.  You want frog?  Chicken's feet?  Duck heads?  Yes; they also have more typical poultry; pork and beef.  Plus some very specific frozen items such as fish balls; siopao buns; red bean ice cream; and more.The smell of the store is a bit off-putting initially; but you get used to it very quickly.  Whether you want to cook your own Asian dishes; or if you just want pre-prepared sauces and seasonings; they probably have it.
Delicious and the staff was very nice
The one on Daisy mountain is better!
i dragged my friends around on foot to find this place staffed by hipsters making good coffee and good crepes. i'm sure they; like i; thought that walk was worth it.
I was prepared to like the place.  The atmosphere was great; busy urban vibe; views of Cityscape (the ice skating helped); very different than the normal for a Valley restaurant.  The liquor choice were impressive; but the martinis were skimpy.  The service was spotty; at times a bit intrusive; at others; hard to find the waiter.  We sampled two appetizers.  The pulled pork johnny cakes were wonderful; the tater tots  not so much (they were more like hush puppies in texture).  I had the BBQ'D Kobe Beef Short Ribs for the entree and my dining companion had the New England Diver Scallops.  The ribs were quite tasty and went well with the bleu cheese grits; but were a bit fatty.  The scallops were a tad too salty and had some grit or shell.  Willing to try the place again because we enjoyed the environment; and this is a decent achievement for a downtown restaurant in a hotel; but there is room for improvement.
First; I will say that I have been a regular patron of this hotel in the past. For my most recent experience; I was treated with extreme disrespect and disregard despite the fact I have chosen this hotel in the past. It was a Saturday night and my girlfriend and I had returned from a night out on Mill Ave. Things turned intimate on the bed; but noise levels were well within reason. We inadvertently left the curtains open on a second floor room facing the courtyard. We finished our activities and got up to get dressed and saw a security guard running across the courtyard screaming at the top of her lungs to close the curtains. Surprised and embarrassed; we immediately closed the curtains and sunk into bed to go to sleep. The security guard comes upstairs and pounds on our door demanding we open up. As we were tired and not dressed and now that the curtains have been fully closed; we attempted to drift asleep. This only lasted a short while until our door was pounded on by the police. The property was asking us to leave. For what??? We had to pay a taxi to take us to another hotel and pay for alternative accommodations. At least this hotel was hospitable to us. We kindly requested a refund from Mission Palms as we were not able to stay the whole night that we rightfully paid for. It took three weeks for the management here to even respond and we were denied this request.  Couples and anyone else who plans on doing what this hotel thinks of as indiscriminate activities in the supposed privacy of the room you pay for; BEWARE!! Stay elsewhere!!!!!
I am a PHO-addict and the pho here is VERY good.  I also love their spring rolls both the fried and fresh.  Also; if you are in the mood for fried rice; that is tasty as well.  The service is ok; there are times when we have had to hunt someone down to get our check.  The restaurant is a hole in the wall and it has a unique smell.  It's bad; but it is different.  If you want some good PHO then try this place out; it's good and priced very well to meet the budget.
It doesn't get the press that the Desert Botanical Gardens gets and it certainly isn't as spectacular; but it is free; educational; and really quite beautiful - well worth the drive to Cave Creek.
We went in for breakfast a couple weeks ago and at first glance the menu was a few dollars more expensive per item than other places offering the same items--but I'll say now that the food was worth the extra dough.We had the chicken and waffles and breakfast sandwich; both were delicious; better than expected.  I can't call either of these dishes particularly healthy but they were definitely tasty.  Staff and service were friendly and attentive.We'll be back.
Not only am I looking forward to my DESERT DOUBLE DOWN medal in 2013 :) but I get to see my dear friend in Arizona over MLK weekend and experience this race for the first time; I can't wait! Only running the half this go around since I plan on racing a bunch this coming year; and need to pick and choose wisely how often I will complete full's - looking forward to having an amazing time!I'll update my review in a few weeks after Race Day.
We called to make Friday night reservations for a party of 16 - they said they didn't take reservations so we decided to go anyway and drink beer until we could get seated.  To our most pleasant surprise; they pulled together some tables upstairs and we were seated right away.  Our waitperson was very patient and helpful as we all tried to decide what to eat and what beer to drink.  Service was excellent!  Food was excellent!  The beer was excellent as well - thanks Four Peaks for a wonderful evening.
My recent trip to Snowbowl had a bus breakdown half way through. Of course not DSC's fault as anyone can have a breakdown; but still made us lose time & they had to deal with a bus full of unhappy customers. They handled it very professionally; provided partial refunds and discounts on the next trip. They provided extra beverages & did a good job at making a bad situation better. They played movies up & back; and all in all it was pretty fun. I'll never drive to snowbowl again - this is a great service and I for one will tell all my ski buddies about it. Sure the staff is young - but they're also alot of fun too. Thanks guys!!!
Very good service bumps this breakfast spot ahead of the new Paradise Bakery. The menu could use a refresh and I'd love to see some healthy omelettes. It seems every time I have come here; they are really friendly; and differentiate based on service.Free wifi is a big plus! I have never tried the lunch as breakfast continues to be really great.
This store - this store representing Apple - has seriously jumped the shark!Everytime I go here - which lately has been FAR too often - I've wanted to pull my freaking hair out in agony. Let me add a disclaimer that there are a few decent people in this store. That said; give me a break! This place is awful and most of the reps are so wrapped up in their 'systems' and protocols; they've seriously forgotten why they're instituted in the first place. The store is incapable and uninterested in delivering excellent customer service outside of a protocol or in any given moment; and as far as going the extra mile to deliver for the customer: Forget It! In fact extra would not be included in a step and therefore; not possible.  I've had a problem with my NEW MacBook and let me tell you; it's been a NIGHTMARE to deal with. I finally thought it was over & resolved but alas; no such luck. They've under delivered once again. To say I'm infuriated is an understatement. Let's see if/how they make this right. Cause WOW... there sure has been a lot that's been wrong. In fact; that's the worst part. Nobody seems to give a ****. It's unbelievable. So ya; we'll see..
Update as of 12/29/12:Owner let me know the mobile menu/prices are getting updated soon; so that should help folks out.. Never know when you might get a spur of the moment to head out there; but don't know the menu by heart..Might have to head over for a $5 burger before flying out of state in a couple weeks.. =D
Great atmosphere. Excellent pad Thai. Very authentic menu
Ive been going to this mall since high school. I used to work here; in fact.Man has it gone down hill. It seems more akin to what AZ Mills used to be like when it 1st opened; than the cool mall that everyone wanted to go to. They still have a Body Language; a Just Sports; and a Fast Fix here....and thats just about the only reason I go here anymore. Sometimes to Sears as well. All the good places in the food court have closed; along w/ most of the autonomous units for mid-mall snacking have closed; or become some lesser version of what they were. This place is kind of an overall disappointment.
Duke Duke Duke Duke of FailDuke DukeDuke of FailI would say this place was my type of bar 10 years ago; but now in my early 30's I need something more up to date.  This place is huge and has a decent patio.  Table to video games in every room.  Nostalgic sports awards to basic sport memorabilia hangs along the ways with advertisement of alcohol.  Large TV screens here and there with random channels playing.  I just didn't get a good feel about this place.  Drinks seem pretty affordable here; but the food wasn't too impressive.  We ordered the burger with fries; artichoke dips and jalapeño poppers.  I didn't eat the burger; but the fries were stale.  Ever ate fries that were in the freezer too long and the left in frying oil that needed to be changed?  Yeah it tasted like that.  The artichoke dips seemed like it came out of a box.  It didn't have much taste and the only thing I ate was the tortilla chips.  Finally the poppers were probably the best of the night between the dishes.  Nice and creamy once you bit into it and crispy on the outside.  Overall; serve was good since we were the only large group of people in there.  If you live close by and need a drink I would recommend this place.  However; the immature crowd and poor karaoke music doesn't make we want to stay too long. - Enjoy!
Your secrets are safe at Nara! Comfy atmosphere. Try the mint guava!Intimate setting with the ones you want to spend quality time with. I don't think you'll forget the memories you leave behind! :) BIG Thanks to the owner and staff who helped make it the BEST hookahexperience yet! Lots of Laughs and a perfect girls night out!
As a hopeless foody I think I am hard to impress; but this place knocked my socks off.  After reading reviews and talking to a few locals we decided to dine at the Mission on a Saturday night.  Our reservations were for late; but we wandered in early and grabbed a seat at the bar.  Sitting next to us a local was ordering and ran through the menu with us...he was so enthusiastic that we decided to get a few appetizers there....they were incredible.  My wife got an wonderful drink that paired with the house guacamole and the braised pork belly perfectly.  The fresh made chips were terrific; and the pork belly portion was bigger than most steaks I have had recently.  Topped with caramelized onions; perfectly spiced; just the right balance of crisp on top and unctuous in the middle.  The appetizers were so incredible we decided to keep going.  The ambience was wonderful; the crowd was sociable and we ordered the Peruvian clam stew; the duck confit and the sweet potato fries....oh; almost forgot the braised beef street tacos.  The portions were all huge; and it was clear that we had ordered too much; but we shared with the folks around us.  The street tacos were good; topped with a crisp slaw and fresh homemade bread and butter pickles.  I would say they were just what we expected.  The duck was excellent; and more than enough for my wife and I to split...and we still couldn't finish it all.  The fries were great....and good fries should never be taken for granted.  But; the dish that trumped them all was the clam stew.   The spicy brown broth was light...almost airy; and its all about the broth.  The stew was just spicy enough; without being overpowering.  I actually had a dream about it that night....OK; we are obviously fans.  Great ambience; terrific service; warm rich dark decor that makes you feel good when you walk in on a cool winter night; excellent drinks...need I say more.   If you are in the Phoenix area make this a priority stop....you will not be disappointed.
Highly recommended!  Just went this past Sat night.  You better have reservations!  Seafood risotto and lasagna (only mild complaint was I wish it had more cheese and less meat).  Mr Franco is very nice!
As a Mexican food expert; this place has a solid 4 star. Don't take me wrong; is way far away from the real thing; but the flavor is good; the quality is great; the ambiance is cool.Nothing not to love about this place. The salsa is great and the carne al carbon is pretty tasteful. I might reduce the size of the servings; though. Great addition to the area!
Once again another Dutch Bros. opens and once again the coffee is better than the last time.
We used them for my father-in-law who was laid to rest today. They were sensitive; competent; and less than half the price of one of their competitors. We could not be more pleased.
Great and knowledgable staff. Love the selection of equipment and supplies.
I am torn about this theater. Yes the seats are super huge and comfy but I am not sure if it helps the movie experience. If you are on a date its really hard to be cozy without acting like you are in bed.The food is not very good.
Why does this place get business? There are only guy bartenders and they are all dooshbags. The drinks are weak and extremely overpriced. You have to walk through the minorities dancing to get to the bar; and when you get there you are constantly bumped into by DABS. The DJ is ok; but Robbies and Canteen have better ones. This bar was cool back in the day; but now it sucks and I don't miss all the annoyances I experience when Im there.
I've been thinking to stop by forever so I finally did.I'll keep this review short and simple. It's OK. If you're around; give it a shot (there's not much in that side of the 101) but don't drive more than 2 miles for that. Just saying.
We have been going to Richardson's for years; even before the fire. We were looking forward to the reopening. Have been there several times since but last night's experience was horrible. Service was poor; wouldn't re-cork wine we bought; food marginal; seemed to be understaffed. Manager said they went through a major house cleaning a month ago and new staff are not all trained.  So we wasted $80 for 2 people to train their staff?  Manager offered apology and suggested we come back in a couple of months.  FAT CHANCE!!
Went to this place with a laptop of mine after it crashed and had troubles with my back up laptop.  There was some girl who worked there - plump and with black hair.  She wasn't rude or unfriendly; but she wasn't friendly either.  Kind of one of those people there for a paycheck?  So she answers my questions and then I head out.  Well; a couple days later I went back because my back up crashed and some guy greeted me this time when just after; she comes strolling out.  Again; just indifferent.  You would think that once a customer made it known that hey it's me from the other day; how you doing the employee would somewhat match the enthusiasm.  Guess not.  So then she just walks to the back and the other guy helped me.  He told me that the laptop would cost more to fix than it was worth.  So I left.I went to U break we fix it; and they quoted me at 80 bucks to reinstall windows which is all it needed.  And I told that guy that; but it still would cost me more than it was worth.  Not just that; these people wan 50 bucks just to diagnose the problem and then if you choose to have it repaired; the 50 dollars goes toward the repair.    U Break It We Fix it will look at it for free.  If that isn't enough to sway your choice; not sure what is. For what would have cost me over 200 dollars; I got fixed for 80.
So disappointed. I have eaten Grimaldi's a few times and it has been amazing. I just usually avoid it because I feel it is too expensive. So today (New years) my favorite pizza place was closed so I decided to call Grimaldi's since it is only a mile away from my house. The pizza was done quite fast; however; it look completely disgusting. The cheese looked like it was like wannabe feta. Idk what was going on. The pizza literally was tasteless and I wasn't going to smother it with Parmesan cheese and crushes red peppers for taste. I most likely will not come back. Shame shame shame.
This Michaels is the foundation of my theory that some chains stay in business despite the reality that shoppers loathe them; because there's no adequate substitute. It's the only source of craft supplies that's handy while running errands in central Phoenix; and it's near one of the movie theaters that serves real food; so I shop here occasionally; and I always leave crabby.Every section is tiny and understocked. If something at another Michaels catches your eye; but you postpone buying it; and you figure; oh; you'll pick it up at this one because you're here... no; you won't. Wood trim; wood embellishments; specific acrylic paint colors; specific scrapbook paper designs; the edgiest floral items... forget it. This Michaels will not carry that. The staff will explain; with varying levels of chagrin; that this is the smallest Michaels in the region.That much is obvious. It's so small that it's impossible for two carts to pass in most aisles. The major reason to set foot in this store is that you're desperate for tacky glue and can't face the chaos of Walmart. It has so far not found an excuse to stop carrying tacky glue. There was also a moment of hope when the chain introduced Martha Stewart acrylic paints; which are at least interesting colors. But I'd really like to know whose bright idea it was that; chain-wide; acrylic paints should now be displayed entirely below knee level. Let me give you a hint; gentlemen: the tiny bottles of exotic colors are not bought by children. Nor is there a gigantic acrylic-painting movement among Munchkins. Your acrylic paint buyers are adults; which means we're mostly over 5 feet tall; and depending how the day went and how high of heels we're wearing; our urge to indulge in a series of deep knee bends can vary. A lot. But it's rarely a matter of: oh great! I'm going to Michaels so I can skip the squats at the gym!
I came here bc my baby was dehydrated from diarrhea.  I waited for over THREE hours in the waiting room to get in.  It was so frustrating.  It seems it's not unusual either.  Other than that I have no complaints.  The staff and Dr's and nurses were nice and took care of us; they even brought me a sandwich and drink bc I was starving.  There was lots of room switching and waiting between rooms but that seemed fine.  My only other issue was that they pretty much hydrated her and balanced out her blood sugar and then sent us home with instructions to do the BRAT diet.  This took 5 additional hours.  I just felt like they should have taken tests or something and given me more info bc it was the worst diarrhea I have ever seen and this is not my first child so it's not like I haven't delt with it before.  I ended up sending my husband to the pharmacy to get non dairy probiotic that I mixed in my baby's food.  It took another week to balance her out; but if I hadn't known to do that I would have had to go back for sure.  They should have recommended it.  I wanted to talk to the Dr more about my concerns but didn't see him more than the first initial time.  One more plus; they have a distraction nurse that walks around with an ipad and toys and games to distract kids that are getting shots etc.  I really liked that a lot; it really helped my baby.  They also gave her a prize a princess book that she got to keep and take home.  That was REALLY great it went a long way to making her feel happier.   So; maybe just try calling in first to see about the wait before going in.
These guys are honest!!!! The sad thing is that it amazed me when I took my truck in to get re-aligned and they came back and told me I didn't need it.  They also keep you informed and show you all of the information that comes back on your vehicle. I; like many people; have been screwed by places before; and these guys are amazing! I will for sure be using them in the future; and I will be telling everyone about them. :)
Great folks; nice trail ride thru Papago Park and a throw back to the old Wyoming ranch in the big city.
This was my first rock climbing experience ever and I'd have to say; it went great! I hadn't read any previous reviews on this gym; but the customer service was excellent. The front desk attendant (Zach) was also the person who gave us our intro into belaying. He was very through; patient; and friendly. After our short lesson; we were left to our own devices to explore. There were at least 3 different employees who asked if we needed any help or explanation - Zach even came back around to show us how to boulder some routes; super helpful! Originally we had accidentally signed up for the lead class (NOT for beginners!) and paid the non-member fee of $35 for the class. However; when the confusion was realized (that we had no idea what we were doing) and all we needed was a day pass and intro lesson; the owner gave us vouchers for a free climb and gear rental. The facilities look great; well maintained. Lots of varieties of bouldering and climbing walls. The labeling system was helpful to me as a beginner. I give it 4 stars because I haven't been to any other rock gyms to really compare. Definitely will be returning!
I gave La Promesa bakery a try today.  They're one of the few Mexican bakeries doing it right.   As they do this day in and day out it is equal or better than homemade.  I love to bake and it would be difficult for me to duplicate their pastries.  I tried the pineapple empanada; the pastry was light; supple and fresh with an excellent taste.  The filling they used was high  quality.   Do a taste comparison of pastries to any of the larger mexican supermarkets in the valley; you'll taste the difference.  The store owner was friendly; the establishment was clean.  I know where I am stopping after my Saturday Piestewa Peak hikes to replenish all those calories lost :)
I'm only going to review the breakfast because that was the only meal we ate here. We ate breakfast twice. Stayed at the hotel a couple of nights and this place was most convenient for breakfast without leaving the hotel. It's a little pricey for breakfast but it's a nice treat when you're on vacation. It's on the 2nd floor of the Hotel Palomar Cityscape. It's quiet; not many people were eating and the server was wonderful. Eggs benedict was great (generous hollandaise sauce); so was denver omelet and regular fried eggs if you want a hot breakfast. I liked the bagels and smoked salmon if you're into a cold plate. Coffee was strong; orange juice was fresh squeezed and the morning ambience was quiet and relaxed. We sat near the window and watched the city wake up. I have no complaints about the food or service. We'll probably try dinner here one day soon. Hopefully it's as great as breakfast.
I was very impressed when I scheduled my first appointment as everyone was nice on the phone. It was just for an annual exam; but requested Dr. Hunt due to the fact I knew I had a sensitive problem I needed help with (I moved prior to my old doctor helping me.) I arrived a few minutes early but ended up waiting for about an hour. I understand that's part of doctor appointments; so I didn't let it bother me. So I went in and was seen by a new assistant who stated she had just started working there. Ok; the doctor may be busy; but I thought I had scheduled my appointment with Dr. Hunt? I explained that my IUD was MIA and needed reassurance on what to do next. After my exam; the assistant confirmed it was MIA and told me I needed to book an operating room to have it removed. I asked her several questions; but she kept telling me she wasn't sure. I appreciated the honesty; but when paying for an office visit; I do expect answers or a referral to someone who can answer my questions. She handed me off to the front desk. Yikes; I would have like some reassurance or explanation since I've never had any type of procedure; or broken bone; or anything that requires anything longer than an hour appointment for anything! The front desk seemed annoyed when I asked how to find an OR or to see how much this was going to cost. They said they would have Dr. Hunt call me and they would try to get a quote from insurance companies. So a few days later I received a phone call from an employee attempting to book the OR procedure. I explained I still wasn't sure what was going on... Did they know how much the procedure was going to cost? Could I drive home afterward? Did I need to take time off work? What was going to happen? Again was told Dr. Hunt would call me. Well I never heard back from anyone and honestly won't be rescheduling another appointment here. I was disappointed due to the other great  reviews; but my experience felt like a trip through an automated car wash. Bummer. It was very clean and parking was easy. So two stars is the best I can do!
I purchased a Groupon for this company.  From the moment I called in to schedule; I was impressed.  They were booked a week past the expiration date on the Groupon; but Amy assured me that would be no problem and the Groupon would be honored.  She called the day before the appointment and gave me a window of time (bad pun;  window!!) and said that sometimes they get done with jobs earlier; so try to be home earlier.  Indeed they did arrive a bit early.  James shook hands with me; introduced himself and he and his colleague got to work.  James put booties on to avoid messing my floors.  They painstakingly scoured the windows; inside and out; taking care to make sure they were sparking.  James' demeanor was pleasant and I truly enjoyed briefly chatting with him.  I will definitely use Cactus again; at full price and as a Realtor; I will add this company to my referral list --- I don't do that easily!  Kudos to Cactus!
Bruschetta boards are great. Fun place!
I am just graduated from ASU and I have avoided mill avenue like the plague; unless it was at night. Why would I pay ALOT of money; just to park where my car isn't even watched; just to get hassled by homeless and begged for spare change by drug addicts. I feel like Im in an episode of walking dead when I am on this street. Not only are there homeless and pieces of trash lingering and begging; there is literally trash everywhere and everything is dirty. If you are a guy; the only store for you is urban outfitters so the shopping also sucks.  I have no problem making the drive to scottsdale where you don't pay to park; theres no homeless; and the only drugs users than affect you are the roid monkies.
Used Yelp to locate a place to connect with two friends staying near the airport. Pressed for time and not really familiar with what's in the immediate area; so decided to hook up here. The Doubletree - place has to be good; right?Wrong! This place is an embarrassment to the Doubletree/Hilton brand. It does have the exorbitant pricing you'd expect (when I walked in my buds were waiting and first comment I heard was - you wanna order one of the $5 Ice Tea's? lol). But it is in a state of disrepair and needs a serious facelift. I couldn't justify paying the prices shown on the menu. That coupled with the price we forked out for a few beers had us QUICKLY looking for another  place.This was one of those RARE occasions that Yelpers left me hangin...
I detest this store. soooo much. This is like....a Kmart and Goodwill crashed and made a baby. No; the stuff isn't donated; but the items are definitely bottom of the barrel quality. Bad lighting; awful cramped spaces and a general aura of disorder and mess....If you need cheap stuff; or you need stuff NOW; then yes; it's good for that. If you want something Good; something that'll last more than one or two days; then this is Not that.
I just happen to be driving by Corbins and it was super easy to located because of its loud; funky burnt orange color.  Clean; organized with an easy menu where everyone will find something on the menu to eat.  Awesome dirty martina and Pina Colada! BBQ Baby Back Ribs - Great!  Ahi sandwich that rocked!  We'll be back :)  Great Vibe. Thanks.Revision:  Took 5 people in for my partners birthday on a Sunday night at 7:30.  Walked in and the place was like a ghost town.  The worst part - Stale energy - no music - notta.  Just dead.  We had to asked the bartender to turn on and up the music 2 times.  Very frustrating when were there to celebrate my partners birthday.  However; food great.  Service great.  To me Corbin's you are providing an atmosphere not a mediation room.  Please make sure you have music on when your open.  OR did you not want us there?
Old Time Whiskey was worth a visit. As we sat down our server approached us right away; she was warm and friendly and suggested some specialty cocktails. They make a very nice Whiskey Sour; from scratch and I like a real one; without all that high fructose corn crap. The atmosphere was trendy; without being uncomfortable. There is a very nice patio area outside as well.Located inside the Saguro
good prices and location
We were greeted at the door of the packed restaurant immediately; and seated at a table for six promptly; even though no smaller tables were  available. Our server; Brittany; immediately took our orders and brought two tall glasses of Sam Adams Winter Lager and Blue Moon; I had the ribs and brisket two meat plate with mac/cheese and great baked beans. My wife had the two meat with ribs & pulled pork. fries and cole slaw. The surprise was an ice cream plate w/sparkler as it was my birthday. The decor is country/western farm rustic. Cracker Barrel should take lessons from this operation. Even the bathroom was spotless. Two thumbs up for this chain venue. Second visit for us; and we will be back!
I had my cartilage pierced a few months ago at a different place and needed to change out my earring. Based off of a recommendation and all the Yelp reviews I decided to go check this place out. I needed them to take the earring out since I couldn't get it off and the guy who did it was really nice!  This place is CLEAN!  They wear gloves (as well they should) and changed them out if they had to touch something else. He put my new earring in and explained how to clean it and advised for me to leave this one in a bit longer before I put other earrings in. I highly recommend this place!!  My only tip would be if you're going to go here on the weekend; be sure you go during the day. It's difficult to find parking at night is since its right by ASU.
Im from cali and this stuff they call thai food sucks!
I've been here twice; and both times I got the St. Louis style ribs because they were so good the first time. My fiance also got a similar dish when we went back; because his brisket was amazing. Macaroni and cheese is also amazing. Corn bread; roasted corn; and other sides are good but not outstanding. The free donuts at the end of the meal add a nice taste of sweet without going overboard on a huge dessert. One time my sister got the pizza; which looked like it could have come frozen from a supermarket. I'd say stick with the BBQ meats and you can't go wrong!
We are from California and therefore have high standards for food.  This is by far our all-time favorite dinner place in the Phoenix Valley.  Everything we eat here is always excellent.  Our only complaint is that the music in the downstairs indoor seating by the sliding doors can be way too loud.  We came here with our out-of-town guest once and had trouble carrying out a conversation.  If you want to talk next time you come eat here; see if you can ask for upstairs seating or at a quieter table.
Finally!!!! The strawberry salsa is back! Here you go; La Condesa; your 5th star!Thank you!
Fumbling through the free Phoenix billiards magazine; I ran across an ad of 5 hot babes. I asked my friend; 'Which one would you WANK to?'....I chose one as well and ran into her lovely presence at Marc's! She even offered me a job... do I have what it takes ?The service was; of course; phenomenal. Happy upbeat atmosphere. Chipper patrons; positive conversations.Me likey here.Fancy chicas. Cheap beer.
Excellent breakfast burritos!  Even got the thumbs up from the kids.
We now live in Vegas.  We have searched all over Vegas for Persian or Middle Eastern food that matches the quality and taste of Pars to no avail.  The Gyros at Pars are the best I've had and all of the other dishes are very authentic.  We have never waited for a meal or had a server that is anything other than very polite.  Even the tea is exceptional.  The dinner prices are fair considering the portion size (yes; you can easily get two meals out of each plate unless you are accustomed to overeating).  Their lunches are huge and very fairly priced.
12/20/122.5 stars.I suppose I had higher expectations after hearing about how beautiful the DBG gets during Las Noches de las Luminarias.  Bedazzled homes; malls; and restaurants have impressed me more in recent years that these plastic versions of brown paper bags with spent votives and ropes of lights wrapped around trees just seem amateurish now.  Don't get me wrong; there were moments where I did succumb to the beauty of it all; especially in front of the lighted and decorated giant Christmas tree and around a couple of bends when I spotted pillars of lights wrapped around the tops of a couple of buildings; beckoning me to come in for a closer look; while snippets of smooth jazz music would land on my ears like tantalizing silk ribbons...  Perhaps it was just too crowded tonight-- I didn't know it; but there was a buy one; get one special for the Luminarias exhibit ($12.50 per person; instead of $25).  There were so many people in attendance; that at one music stop; my cousin and I had to retrace our steps; as there wasn't at outlet around the mass of onlookers.  We felt bad for those families who had relatives in wheelchairs; for it was very cold; very dark; and very crowded to walk around safely.I know that with the right company (someone to walk hand-in-hand and snuggle with) and fewer people there; I'd have enjoyed myself better.  However; I don't think it's worth $25 admission per person on any day!  (I'll just hike around the block at my place a few times for cardio and spend $50 to decorate my home with mood-lighting... I guarantee I'll enjoy it a lot longer than one night at the DBG!)
I am a big fan of Green Restaurant and frequent their other location pretty often. Since we were in the area last night; and I was jonesin' for some Green; we decided to try their newer location on 7th st. Parking is limited so we were lucky to have found a spot. The restaurant is smaller than their other location; but I still really liked the decor. It's simple and uncluttered. I noticed a few new menu items but since I'm a diehard fan of the diablo I went with that again. My husband ordered a steak and cheese with chili fries. He also opted for the tahini coleslaw on the side. I of course inhaled my food. As always; the thought occurs to me to save half of it for tomorrow but then it's so good I can't......stop......eating......My husband really enjoyed his fries and sandwich; and the tahini coleslaw was a nice refreshing change from traditional overly-mayonnaised coleslaw. I left with a full belly and a smile.
Thanks to Groupon we found this place.  It's a nice Mexican joint in North Scottsdale.  Tucked away in the corner of the shopping center; there's no way I could've found it on my own.After browsing the menu; I ordered:Queso Crisp; $5Monster Nachos; $10The Queso Crisp was pretty good.  Kind of hard to screw up a Cheese Crisp; so I wasn't expecting anything less than good.  The Monster Nachos was very good.  I am a self-proclaimed Nacho-lover...and I'm a fan of their Nachos!The service was so/so on the night we went...they were packed; so it was understandable.  Overall; pretty good experience.**TIP** - the parking lot can get crazy packed on weekends; so park in the first spot you find.Return Factor - 95%
What a perfect night!The whole family went to see Anything Goes; where my cousin Vincent Rodriguez III played one of the main roles.  So proud of him.  We took up eleven spaces with all the kiddies in tow.  It was a delight that they enjoyed the show; for it was old school with not much prop stimulation; just good old fashioned singing and tap dancing.Wright's last masterpiece is a gaudy one; at best...love him for that.  What the Shah of Iran lost; we received.  Yipee!  They must not drink as much in that part of the world; because Wright did not take into consideration how much Phoenicians use the potty; especially us women.   Then again; let's be Frank here; form follows function that has been misunderstood.  Only one stall on the main floor was bladder busting.  I had to run up several floors to find a shorter line.  Even in cocktail dress and high heels; I got up the ramp pretty quickly!  There are bars and snack concessions; if you need to wet your whistle and/or whet your appetite.Gammage has a very open layout with a wrap around stadium seating and an unobstructed view of the grand stage.  I didn't see much reminiscent of Wright's earlier works.  The superfluous Baghdadish design exterior is not exactly a dead give away.  No stooping down entrances; then the wow factor... not there.  There are the clean lines and the simplicity of the interior; which many of today's contemporary architects bestow; are so very Wright.Heed the parking warning.  Get there at least an hour before a show.  Wright's hatred of parking lots bastardizing his designs are clearly exhibited here.  The Gammage is one of the first building I fell in love with when I first moved to Phoenix.  I wonder what Frank's thoughts would have been if he had seen his last design come to fruition.  I'll take a past quote and plug it in for him:Every great architect is - necessarily - a great poet. He must be a great original interpreter of his time; his day; his age.  --Frank Lloyd Wright
Updating my review.  This has become my go to Einstein's since it is walking distance from my home.  The staff is friendly and orders are good.  At times seems a little understaffed.
I have been to Sombrero's a couple of times and enjoyed it immensely.  So much so that  I am picking up food to take home for my family today. Their red chile pork is amazing and the chile diablo salsa is so yummy!  The corn shell tacos are my first pick and their jalepeno cream cheese is a nice addition if you MUST have additional dairy (although not typical mexican style to do so).   I would love to try their nachos but can't seem to steer away from the tacos.  Side note - if you can't find their sign; it's under the Taqueria store front! They really do need to get signage out there. I have been to this center many times and until i read YELP I wouldn't have known it was there. Glad I found them. My husband is too!
I took my family here on Sunday and must say I thoroughly enjoyed my meal.  The restaurant is relatively small with about twenty five to thirty five tables.  The clientele on a Sunday night is largely graying snowbirds with the exceptional family with kids. The restaurant feels more akin to Northern California than Scottsdale; Arizona - that is a complement! The meal began with ice water and fresh bread with pesto.  A great combination.  My son ordered the Caesar salad and minestrone soup and left nothing behind.  I had ordered the Fettuccine Alfredo con Funghi which was simply outstanding.  As a matter of fact; my wife and son ate most of my meal.  If you have the opportunity to visit this restaurant try this meal - you cannot go wrong.My wife ordered the Rondelle 4 Formaggi which is rolled pasta; tomato sauce and rolled pasta which is pan fried.  It appears to be a light weight meal; but is truly filling.  I would say the food is a five star; the service is somewhat lackluster.  Water refills were not timely; the salad took a while to make to the table and the service is so so.Worth trying........
Pane Bianco is Pizzeria Bianco's younger brother.  Not as much hype makes for little to no wait with the same great food.  It's proximity to my house makes stopping by to grab a Biancoverde pizza and salad for dinner easy; and it never disappoints.
Staff so sweet. I'd been previously ordering the Whopper Jr with no tomatoes; pickles; cheese; or mayo for years. The other day; cashier told me it would be much cheaper just to order a regular burger. I've been over paying for years!
Their 'lunch special' is available until 3pm!I picked three dishes to bring home for dinner... (2) ravioli and (1) tortellini.  I chose the rose sauce which is marinara and alfredo mixed together.  We loved our meal!There was a wait for the food but that's because it was freshly prepared as ordered.  It was also a generous portion. And the server was friendly. All worth the wait :)We will dine here again for sure and probably try the brick-oven pizza next time!
Never before have I lived in an area where Famous Dave's has a happy hour - but theirs is so great.  Their Devil's Spit (hot) sauce might be one of my favorites ever created.  To get six of these little drumstick beauties for $4 is just perfect.  The other stuff here is great too - the brisket; the hot links; the ribs - but I'm a sucker for a nice cheap happy hour & these guys deliver.
Best and most authentic chow mein I have had.
You can only hope that; on every vacation or long business trip; you will have at least one simply wonderful meal.  On my recent trip to the nearby Boulders resort; our dinner at Cartwright's was the one.  Everything we had was somewhere between very good and amazing; with the Cheyenne Indian Buffalo & Chipotle Sausage appetizer; the buffalo tenderloin and the cinnamon ice cream with homemade peanut brittle being the real standouts.  I suspect we may have been served by the same waitress that Nathan L. (in a previous review) was served by.  She did seem a little high-strung and humorless for the job; but she did her job well enough and her co-workers were all excellent.
The crescent ballroom is awesome. I went once with my husband to a hip hop show; and I loved the way it was set up. We hung out outside for a while; loved seeing everyone who walked up right in front. The restaurant section is cool; we want to go some time during the day. The drinks were really reasonable and the bartender was great. The venue is a good size; and everything was set up really well.I went one other time for a private event; which I did not know about previously. They had the restaurant and venue part shut off from each other and the guest's at the event didn't even realize there was another side.  I would definitely book this place up if I needed an awesome location and wanted to hire a live band to play. It was perfect.
one of our favorite places for burgers. breakfast burger with fried egg an bacon is so good
This is the best new bar on Mill.Mill is not really my scene; but my friends dragged me out to this place one night and I've been a fixture there practically every weekend since.  First night there we were there early so we had dinner.  The brats and fries are AMAZING!  The fries are tossed in garlic and are thick and crispy. Soo good!  For drinks I ordered the Paper Route which is THE BEST THING EVER.  It's a can of PBR; shot of Jameson; and a cigarette all for 7 bucks.  I can't say enough great things about this place; however they did mess up my friend's tab one night.  When she went to close out they said she already had even though she hadn't.  She goes home and checks her bank account and she was charged $47 even though she had only had a couple drinks.  They did the right thing and reimbursed her; and since it didn't happen to me it's not going to affect my rating.  Just an FYI.
This place is the perfect blend of cool atmosphere and good food.  Just what you want on a weekend morning or any morning for that matter.  Classic foods; not greasy  or nasty; totally hit's the spot.  Not gourmet either; so don't expect it.  There will be a wait; especially on the weekends; so be ready!  Another party that waited LESS than us totally whined and complained; made the server feel horrible and then got compt'd by the manager because they are complainers.  Karma will get them; jerks.  The server was super nice to us; we let management know it too.  Overall; had good experiences here.  A little cramped; but it is what it is.  Will come back when ever we're back in town.
we normally visit the tempe location just down from our house. but being in this neck of the woods today; we stopped in for our veggie fix. the place is smaller than the tempe location and doesn't appear to have all the menu options; but the selection is still awesome. tonight; i had the chili fries and the po-boy with steak and a side of tahini coleslaw. all dishes involved are sitting happily in my belly even as i write this. who says vegetarians only eat side dishes of lettuce? this restaurant is just so darn great!entrees around 8-9 bucks....and they even have tons of dairy free desserts!
This was my first time experiencing Massage Envy and I ended up trying out both the 1hr Massage and 1hr Facial the same day. Here's my experience: First up was my massage with Linda Lee. This sweet; though quiet; asian (sorry I'm assuming) lady; lets you know right off the bat that this was going to be legit! :-P  I'd take her over some teen right out of massage school any day! Haha; ok but seriously; she was amazing. I've had many a massage in the past but she was very thorough and excellent pressure throughout. She really made sure to focus on the areas I mentioned. I'd definitely recommend her.Second; and the reason I deducted a star; the Facial with Megan. It was very fumbly and awkward at times. Again; I have had facials before; and while every place has their unique twist they generally all follow certain steps. She was running 10min behind to start things and I almost asked if I should reschedule; thank fully she made up the time in the end (hopefully not shorting someone else). She accidentally massaged my arm with cleanser instead of lotion. Later she said she was putting moisturizer on my face and then wiped it off with a cold wet towel; I was confused at this point. Also; a product she recommended in the beginning of the facial she never even used and then suggested I buy it. In the end I left thinking...that was it?.  It was an okay facial but I've had much better at other spas in AZ. While she was very sweet and apologetic for most of the blunders it took away from the spa experience and when you're deciding what to spend your hard earned money on; unfortunately the mistakes turn you off. The front staff is very friendly and not overly pushy about trying to hassle you for a membership which I appreciate; it makes me want to come back instead of scaring me away.In my head I kind of made this out to be a little competition. If I was going to become a member and could only choose either the Massage or the Facial once a month...at the end I chose the Massage. It's in the name of the company; it's what they do; so I'm sticking to what they know best.Great relaxing experience overall; try it!
This place has EXCELLENT street tacos. The Carne Asada taco is one of the best I have had perfectly seasoned; grilled and perectly tender. FYI- for anyone who hasn't gone yet- when you are looking out for the restaurant the first time you go; make sure you look for Tacos Saguaro (that is what the sign says- for some reason Yelp has the name spelled wrong.)
First of all the Manager was not wearing professional clothes at all. The second thing is that we waiting a half an hour to rent our car.  Third and last thing is that the check engine light was on.  We did not realize that until we got home. :(  So;  we had to go back to the car rental and get a new car.
Not a good meal.  Meatballs and chickpea crepes were too salty. Eggplant and spinach was an unappetizing greasy pile of slime and tasted oily.  The meatballs were accompanied by truly tasteless tomato sauce.  The pasta was nothing special.  Crispy Brussels sprouts were anything but..undercooked and chewy.   And three slices of bread was brought to the table with just enough olive oil for two slices.
I really expected this place to be a lot more crowded on a friday night. Much to my surprise (and delight); there was room to move!Great staff; 2 bars; decent prices; good drinks (STrong); good times!This place is so wrong; its right!
Touring the city of Maricopa.
moved here 9/11.  water mysteriously flowed through bedroom ceiling and came pouring out of master bath air vent.  no resolution. they said rain goes weird places.  five maintenance men later.guest bedroom wall and carpet soaked 8/12. garden level; concrete not sealed no one even came out. no maintenance.  12/7/12 guest bath ceiling leaks two gallons of water a day.  12/30/12; black; green? mold seeping through the paint on the bathroom wall. they said the water was coming from the upstairs bathtub. but they had to order the silicone?  my upstairs neighbors had to tell me what they told them.  drywall falling through; open hole in ceiling.12/28/12; Raul; his crew broke a sprinkler line outside flooding my guest bedroom with six inches of mud.  ANDY; MC companies scheduled this when he was out of town.  so there was no one to move anything. i have RRMS.  it is Sunday; this happened at 8 Friday morning.  it is eight maintenance staff later; or more. Raul refused to give me his contractors license number as did ANDY HERNANDEZ.  i do not believe he has a license.  there were three guys who spoke only Spanish bailing the water out of the outside ditch with a bucket. one bucket.  i have picture of all of this and will upload after i clean up more sludge?office staff had not even been to my apartment by the time i drove home from work to see the mud.office staff clears work orders once issued; no follow through.  Maggie told me to call terry HE would help me with my insurance claim as my daughter shoes purses and dresser were damaged. turns out terry is a SHE and out of the office until late next week.Leslie Brice VP of residential has no idea what is going on over here.
Excellent food; attentive service;very reasonable prices. What's not to like? Well; the table at which we were seated needed a bit of attention to its cleanliness. Otherwise I would have seriously considered five stars. But that was minor; I'll be back at first opportunity.
What a fantastic place.  The bartender/owner was enthusiastic about his product; knowledgeable; and served above average beer and pretzels.  It is the sort of place you should take out-of-town guests to get a taste of Phoenix beer; and the sort of place you stop into before or after going to the airport.I wish their beer were available in more locations.
Great food; good value for the price; beautiful setting.
I love this place. Everything is great. The tomato bisque is to die for; and the chicken panini is a regular order for me. Their bruchetta is comparable to Postinos; if you've been there; and the other cheese; olive; meat; etc. appetizers are big and delicious. I'd recommend this place over any in Downtown Chandler. It's my favorite! Seating is good inside and outside (huge fire pit is fun for big groups to sit around). I heard the Sunday brunch specials are also really awesome. It's a little pricier; but worth the quality and amount of food you get with each plate.
I decided to try this place for takeout for lunch today since I was craving some Mongolian. This was my first time here and I'm familiar with the concept since I've been to YC's. Unfortunately it did not live up to my expectations.Pros:- Friendly and helpful hostess- A variety of proteins to choose fromCons:- My noodles were overcooked and mushy :-(- The sauce was SPICY; it was not marked as spicy. I thought the whole concept of being able to customize your meal is to add spice if you want it.- It took a long time for them to cook it- $12 lunch; noodle bowl and drink. The portion size was mediocre for the price.Since the cons outweigh the pros; I would not recommend.
These people are so helpful. They don't care if you are new to cigars or not. Great service and selection.
When you order two pizza at the same time and they are given to you at one time with one undercooked and one overlooked; that takes talent.  This place has talent.  I love CPK; but need food to be consistently well prepared.
After renting a car for $12.99 per day for 3 days--our actual bill ended up being $307 (after adding taxes; GPS; and a TON of taxes).  As if this wasn't a joke; the fact that the GPS auto locked; requiring a PIN number when we were in a precarious place where the GPS was the most critical; only made it worse.  Because of our need to call the call center 6 times to figure it out...(pins kept not working)...we were 2 hours late in returning the car.  As a result the bill was increased by $100 more!  When we went to talk to the manager to discuss; the associate--was extremely informal--and after we stated we wanted to pay no more than what we initially agreed to pay--he called his supervisor and said we weren't buying his explanation; and we wanted to pay the original amount.  Unprofessional; and a mess.  Plus the taxes from the city are outrageous; making it not worth renting a car at all.Based on other reviews; my challenges are not rare.  Seems like Avis needs to work a little harder.
Today; The Big Bang held their 1st family Christmas event.  SO MUCH FUN!!!It was a great time singing; dancing and children just having fun.  The whole band-piano players; drummer & guitar player were very interactive and engaging everyone to participate.  All the kids had the opportunity to request a song and they played almost all the requests. Kids under 12 were free; adults 5 bucks unless you brought a toy for a local charity...they had a few Marines which gave us local citizens an opportunity to say; Thank You and Merry Christmas!They had great prices for kids.. 2.50 for either hot chocolate; hot apple cider or juice with a special snack.   At the end each kid was greeted with a special candy bag.  The entire staff was very friendly and getting all of us into the Christmas spirit.  They had special table set for the kids to color; create special crafts and let their imaginations go wild.All in all; it was a great time. I hope they continue this event and make it annual.  We will definitely be there and bring more friends.
UNDERWHELMING selection of product (like most places these days; they have mainly what is popular - the Red Box syndrome)INATTENTIVE staff - spent a good 30-40 mins here and 2 out of 5 staff my wife and i asked a question to gave a satisfactory answer. i myself had to ask the same dude twice about a movie title. the slackjaw-edness was off the charts.look people; it's hard enough for retail stores to survive as it is. your PT store staffers better know how to appropriately guide your customers to where they need to go; or else we'll simply take our business to Amazon.com which has competitive prices and pretty much everything you need.i've been to quite a few Used books/DVDs/CDs stores in my day; and Bookmans isn't Top 20; isn't Top 50; it's at the bottom of the list.BOO selection - BOO staff; which is basically High School lunch hour. no thanks. (a few of the staff were +attitude and knowledgeable....but sadly they are in the minority and for my business that's not good enough)Parking is super cool b/c there are tons of spaces. Bookmans is in a huge shopping center; so accessibility is no problem.If only they had as many good books and movies as parking spots.
Renting from Sixt was a great experience. I had never heard of Sixt until I was looking for a rental car for a few days in Phoenix. If you ever have rented a car in Phoenix you know it can be very expensive. Normally I go with National because I can choose by own car but this time I went with Sixt because they were over $120.00 cheaper for the same class of car. At first I thought that this was too good to be true but my co-worker told me that Sixt was huge in Europe and that I should be ok. He was more than right. The staff was extremely helpful and friendly and the car was almost brand new. I will make sure I rent from Sixt again whenever I travel.
I had my first waxing experience (other then eyebrows) here last week. I was nervous as I had never been waxed down south; however the girl I was with was amazing and made it as quick and comfortable as possible. The place itself is very nice and has a spa like feel to it. I booked an appointment for another 3 weeks so ya :)
Description of Work Done:  I have used Sit. Stay. Ahwatukee Pet Sitting on two separate occasions.  I have three young kittens that they sat for multiple days.  Typically they check up on them two times a day.  I wouldn't even think about using anyone but Sit. Stay. Ahwatukee Pet Sitting.Quality of Work Completed:  It really feels like they do a great job.  Susan was the person who took care of them while my fiance and I were gone.  The cats seemed to have been looked after pretty well and Susan took out the cat litter every day she visited.  Susan leaves a daily note about our cats and the notes aren't half-assed.   I took a snapshot of an example and posted it here on Yelp. She also sent my fiance a text about every day to let us know how the kittens are doing.  10 out of 10.Value:  They don't nickle and dime you.  My fiance and I have used three cat sitters in the area.  This outfit is the least expensive and you get the most bang for the buck. 10 out of 10.Customer Service:  Susan was always extremely quick to return phone calls and texts.  She was also incredibly friendly and respectful.  I totally trust her taking care of our kittens and respecting our privacy.  There is one thing I really hate to bring up; but I think it is important.  My home security system had two false alarms go off because Sit. Stay. Ahwatukee Pet Sitting couldn't get the system turned off; even when we gave them a remote to turn off the system.  The second false alarm ended up costing us a good chunk of money with the City of Phoenix cops having to come out to my house.  I bring this up not to slam Sit-Stay but so that in case you have a security system; I would encourage you to spend a good chunk of time going over the inner workings of it during your initial home consultation.  This was only an issue the first time they cat set for us and there has been no problem since then.  Don't let this one isolated issue deter you from using them as they are great at what they do and I can't think of a better pet sitter in the east valley.  8 out of 10.Overall:  I couldn't imagine using anyone else to cat set for us.  Susan is awesome at what she does.  My fiance and I are totally at ease with her being in our house while we are gone and looking out for the kittens.  28 out of 30; 5 stars.
I moved in this place because rent is super cheap and they accept you even if your credit is not that great. I read the reviews and was nervous about moving in. The apartment I was supposed to move in was cleaned and painted and sprayed for pest when I walked in there were roaches I went to the office and told them they immediatly switched me apartments and Im super happy with this one it has no bugs and I LOVE IT. i have the lake where i can fish or paddle boat i also have the pool right outside my door and the people here are friendly plus they use the bbqs. I love riding my bike along the path that runs around the lake and if I have a problem SIGI is great at his job and takes care of it asap.They are kid friendly and pet friendly the people pick up after there pets. They have security that rides around at night. My friend came here and says to me omg they have done a lot here this place did not use to be this nice I guess she use to hang out here she loves it now and feels safe. the downsides I would say are the parking in my area is not great but it is there and that your not allowed to feed the ducks. blah I still do it. I would defenitly reccomend it
Decent sushi. A bit over priced for the quality. I gave it 3 stars because of the great customer service. With all the restaurants there are to choose from; I probably won't be eating here again.
very healthy; delicious food. everything tastes fresh and not heavy at all! definitely great; healthy place to eat! even their nachos didn't make me feel sick and heavy afterwards!i would recommend the chipotle black bean burger. packed with flavor!i just have to say that it's NOT authentic Mediterranean food; they've taken the idea of Mediterranean food and Americanized it and they have a whole mix of different types of healthy food.
Okay; so I have been to this Grimaldi's plenty of times over the years; but it was my most recent visit that pushed me to write a review. My husband and I had a super low key holiday season this year (which was pretty amazing by the way) and decided to go out for some pizza on Christmas Eve. We were pleasantly surprised that the place was pretty busy. There's nothing worse than eating in an empty restaurant...wouldn't you agree?Anyway...we were greeted by a friendly hostess who quickly took us to one of the few open tables still available. She chatted with us as we walked and gave us an informative spiel as we sat down at our cozy spot by the kitchen. (Important sidenote: I love that you can watch the pizza-makers doing their thing.) Shortly thereafter; our server; Adrienne; came to greet us and take our order. She was super friendly and I knew immediately we were going to be receiving good service throughout our meal. Like I mentioned above; the place was busy and my husband and I watched as Adrienne went from table to table throughout the evening. She had several big tables at the time; yet never missed a beat. She was attentive; relaxed; and knowledgeable.  We started with a small salad which I think was a bit overpriced; even if it is a decent size. Then we moved on to a small cheese pizza. Grimaldi's small is a lot more like a medium so it was a good option for two of us. When Adrienne brought our pizza out she informed us that apparently our pizza wasn't as big as it should have been so the manager ordered us a personal sized pizza as well. A free pizza with our pizza? Don't mind if I do! So I guess the point of this whole review is to make one major point...the service here is pretty awesome. And no; I haven't had the same service at other Grimaldi's locations. The Old Town location definitely seems a step above the other versions I've visited around town. Their atmosphere is better; it's always a bit busier; and it's officially been determined that the service here is way better than the majority of restaurants around town. If you're looking for a good pizza this is definitely a great option. Ask for Adrienne and add some olive oil to your pizza...I promise it will add up to a delicious meal. Enjoy!
What a joke! My girlfriend and I were rather hungry and we had a gift card for olive garden so we went here. Not only was the 'host' rather short and seemed to hate his job.. We sat and waited for a server. We sat there.. Waiting.. And waiting.. As a waiter repeatedly walked passed us. Asked the table next to us if they wanted dessert; proceeded to drop off their bill; took their payment without ever even acknowledging us. I guess our cue that we should have left before we were ignored for over 10 minutes sitting at the table was the couple speaking with a manager as we walked in; they didnt seem very happy. We drove the extra 10 miles to the e. Cactus location where we had awesome service and the food was enjoyable. So all in all; don't be surprised if you have a bad experience at this olive garden!
Half the store is shabby chic; about which I can tell you nothing; so oblivious am I on the way to the paper crafts section.The paper crafts section is curated to focus on patterns with a vintage feel that's compatible with shabby chic but not limited to the strict faded roses and peeling white paint interpretation of the concept. So there are plenty of brocades; a certain amount of faded ecru patterns; lots of florals; and an interesting stock of seasonal papers. If you are thinking about decoupage projects to go with a shabby chic decor or a Parisian apartment ambience; you will emerge well-stocked. There are also lots of rubber stamps and embellishments.
Recently listed as one of the Top 10 new restaurants in the Valley.  Well; I made this Yelp account just to warn people from eating at this place.  Went on a Wednesday night.  Thirty tables in the place and 4 were filled.  Took 20 minutes until we even saw water; another 10 for the first sighting of our waiter.   Ordered drinks and our food.  When I asked about the size of the dishes; I was explained it was a tapas-style place.  Thought that was funny when each tapas dish was between $9-15.  Does leave you wanting to order many different dishes at that price.  When my $11 taco plate arrived I bust out laughing.  There were 3 of them; none larger than the diameter of my hand; and I have small hands.  I asked if these were sample tacos or the actual place.  Then ordered a side of beans which; for $6 was smaller than your average side of ketchup.  It was almost funny.  I felt like I was in the Shire; eating with Bilbo and Frodo.  Asked the bus boy for our server several times.  Finally we had to order from the bus boy another round of drinks.  The table behind us got up and left; telling the bus boy (the only person actually working) that they weren't paying for their drinks because they were done waiting.  When we finally saw our waiter again; no drinks in hand; he apologized; saying they got busy.  I guess 4 our of 30 tables filled is busy.  Hey; if you're not really hungry and just want to say you went to a Top 10 restaurant in Scottsdale; by all means; go.  Or if you just want horrible service and are on a portion control diet; go; you'll love this place.I give them 6 more months before the doors close.  Someone time it.
12/18/12Saw Dark Knight Rises IMAX here a few months ago.  I had worked till late; had dinner at home; then went to the after-10p show.  The sound was too loud; and I was so tired and cranky (loud noises do that to me; especially when I'm already tired) that after the two-hour mark (the movie ran almost three hours); I just wanted to go home and crawl into bed.Didn't like the parking situation then; as it was my first visit; but after going back for another movie; it's OK.  No different than that of Tempe Marketplace's...  BTW; I saw Les Miserables tonight; one week before opening day (Christmas); a perk of having an AMC Stubs membership ($12 annual fee-- I was able to get in at a 50% discount a few months ago).  There was only a limited amount of seats offered; and all of the tickets had sold out.  It was very nice to be a part of that audience; as it wasn't at all crowded; and it felt like everyone there was an avid Les Mis fan.  It was nice not to be the only one weeping at the beauty of the story; soundtrack; and cinematography!
I use to come down to Coolidge quite a bit and one of the cool things I use to do was come over here and visit the ruins.  A great piece of Arizona history!  Do you remember the Five C's?  Well; this is cotton country.The Park Rangers will tell you they don't really know how old the ruins are; but most guess at around 600 years plus.  But thanks to a forward thinking US Government; the ruins are now protected by a 70 foot high shelter.  Trust me; it comes in handy in July and August; the two months I seem to visit here most.  LOL.  I would also recommend a visit to the bookstore.  It stocks a variety of First Nation history; as well as info on the area.http://www.nps.gov/cagr/index.htmWhile you are in Coolidge; I would recommend the Gallopin' Goose for drinks or bar food; and Tag's for dinner.  Both are great!
Their beer is good; but I don't recommend the food. It's like... a food truck sitting outside. I also tried going at 6 (for dinner) and they told me the grill was closed; which doesn't make much sense to me... because that's the exact time you're going to make money off of food. Not 2pm when people are at work; but between 4-10. These guys really should finish the remodeling of this building; too. They seem to have gotten half way there and just quit? These guys do a whole lot of giving away groupons; but groupon is to bring return-customers to a business... and I'm not sure they're getting those return customers because of some of these things I've mentioned. Anyway; I give it 3 stars because the beer is good; and I go refill my growlers every now and then.
For my 200th review I am choosing Brio Tuscan Grille.First let me say that it is a beautiful building ; looks just like a Villa in Italy to me. The colors are just what they should be.Inside is beautifully decorated; and wonderful music is always playing. The restrooms are very clean and nice.We were seated at a corner tablefor 4;it was perfect. The nice thing is the have a waist high wall built around it ;so even though you are on the corner you are not bothered.It is really a relaxing setting. I enjoyed lunch very much.I have had their food before;because they have catered a few events I have been lucky enough to go to. Always good!Our waiter was Demetrius; he was very good;until he got busy;then he was a little frazzled. He gave us the wrong check twice; but things happen and it was the day after Christmas. So it was very busy.The food was wonderful as always. T got the Crab cakes and Italian Wedding soup; delish! I got Chicken with pasta and lobster Bisque. Outstanding!!!We will be back;I wish we could go again this week.Lots of parking in the great FREE parking garage.The more I come over here ;the more I like it!Oh and do not forget to get your reward card.Every time you come in you get points for dining here. Which adds up to free food.
No corkage? Really? Welcome to the 1990s.
I went because it felt like I needed a root canal. The dentist brushed it off and gave me a filling. The next day I had excruciating pain and asked if they could refer me to an endodontist. They said THEIR  endodontist didn't come in until the next week and all they could do is give me pain pills and antibiotics. I called them the next day and told them they needed to refer me to someone. They did so reluctantly. It seems they don't have the patients best interest in mind; just $$. I don't feel like the dentist listens or cares about his patients. I probably won't go back.
My friend and I went in for the first time because we got a Groupon and wanted to check it out. I love cupcakes and consider myself picky...but this place far exceeded my expectations. The decor was so cute and clean. I am surprised to read other reviews about bad service because we were treated very well. The guy who helped us was funny and very knowledgeable about the cakes as he was the baker.
Great; great local business. I eat here at least twice per month for breakfast. Went today for lunch for the first time. Arrived at noon. Placed was packed; which I was happy to see. I assume most people were still diving into breakfast/brunch fare.Opted for lunch type food. Ordered the Mucho Smoocho. Very good roast turkey sandwich on grilled rye bread.I will be back tomorrow for breakfast. Love the pancakes and the staff. Owners are amazing.
$1 LARGE slush puppies. That takes the cake. Also their salsa is pretty good and spicy. Scored both for less than $3.
I routinely see Luba; the Nurse Practicioner and she is wonderful. The staff is knowledgeable; friendly and easy to talk to. In addition to covering my OB/GYN needs they serve as my PCP. I get all of my prescriptions (including refills) through them and they have never let me down. Having had to wait as long as a month in other places to see a health care specialist; I'm happy to say I can get in to Women to Women in a couple of days typically. Which is extremely convenient for reasons that shouldn't need explaining. I have never gone into this office feeling like I was an inconvenience or a burden of any kind; and with Endometriosis; PTSD and Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease that's a rare gift. They've gone above and beyond by telling me when and if an appointment will be covered by insurance; Even postponing appointments to prevent me from being liable for the costs of routine medical care. I can't say enough nice things about Woman to Woman and their staff. (even though they do have one or two males on it; contrary to what Kerstin claimed.) In the two years that I've been their patient I have never had a problem with their service.
For an up-scale chain restaurant; this place is pretty good. Service is excellent; the food was very good and best of all; what an extensive wine list!! Flemings I think is grabbing onto the future and running with it! For their wine list; they will hand you an ipad which then you may procede to search their over 100 varieties and choose a glass or bottle to your liking. What is so neat too is the fact that each wine has a flavor profile description - so much better than having your waiter try to describe to you each wine or him guessing what you would like. The food itself was pretty good; a bit peppery...but not overdone or anything (you better not get over done at a place like this) We went on a Sunday which turned out to be a good idea...every Sunday they have a special where you may have a prime rib steak with your choice of side and a salad and dessert for $29.99. Not too bad considering you will pay $25-40 per regular entree. The ambiance is very classy; service is wonderful (the waiters even have their own buisness cards...weird; huh?) you can't go wrong with Fleming's for a special dinner or even just because. :)
3.5 stars as the layout of this new store definitely beats out my neighborhood branch in N Scottsdale. All the shoes are in pairs and no need to go pick up your other sole; what a hassle saver!
Correct me if I am wrong; but it seems like Yoga has become a fad in the last couple of years than just a great form of meditation of exercise. A lot of new studios open all the time and they all try to offer something trendy to stick out from the pack.Gilbert Yoga truly deserves the 5 starts that it constantly gets because its the essence of the legit 'old school' yoga. Its incredibly unpretentious; simple and focused on the exercise itself. The teachers are caring and very relaxed; the rooms are nice and kept clean and their schedule is filled with different classes to fit anyone's crazy agenda. I am a big fan of their 6am M-W-F classes (when I managed to wake up that early) and their 7pm hot yoga class.They offer classes for pregnant women and children; as well as different temperature rooms and different yoga types. I am a big fan of their donation system- every class has a suggested donation of $12. Whatever donations they collect goes to the teacher giving that class. They have it as a donation (instead of fixed price) because they believe all people should have access to yoga regarding of their finances. They don't want people to miss out because they are $12 short.If that's not zen; then I don't know what is.
Leak caused damage to several personal items.  Management was outright rude.  I had to contact front desk several times to even talk to management.  It was a totally unacceptable experience.  This hotel doesn't deserve one star.
Very busy place; fast friendly service; clean and roomy for a Subway.  I had the meatball foot long and it was great; especially for only $4 on special.
I've been to the Gelato Spot over on Camelback/32nd Street numerous times and for a good reason - I love it. The gelato is smooth and flavorful. This place is no different. I always order the Pocket Coffee - its like a bold cup of coffee that is sweet and creamy. Yum! The husband loves their pistachio; which is also very good. We've sampled many other flavors; but always come back to these.The inside of this location looks and feels the same as other locations; no real difference. I like that because I know what to expect and know I'll get some delicious gelato.Definiately give Gelato Spot a try - no matter the location!
I was shopping around for a Christmas gift of 16 year aged Bushmills and a friend told me that it was in stock here at Total Wine and More. What an incredible place! Aisles well-marked; and a superior selection of wine; spirits; and more. The staff was helpful; and friendly which is saying a lot as it was the week of Christmas. I didn't have to wait long at all to check out and found a couple more items that made great gifts. This will be my go-to place for spirit shopping.
This place is more about ambiance than anything else. It's a Vietnamese restaurant for trendy hipsters-- complete with extremely liberal and free-spirited proprietor; Justine.Although I like Justine; I can see how some might be turned off by her. But for me; she would be the main reason for frequenting this place. I like friendly and engaging staff; and I believe in supporting local business. But the food is not particularly special. I've been here twice; and the meals have had little impact.  I like the atmosphere so much that I went again; hoping to fall in love with the food; but it just isn't happening. The flavor is too mild. And it makes me sad. Arizona severely lacks culture and general character; so I want to support these types of restaurants so more will pop up. I might keep trying. Maybe I need to find *THAT ONE* dish that knocks my socks off. Here's hoping.
Great beer. A flight of 9 for $9 is GREAT. You get a little 4-6 oz tasting of each and we liked them all. My favorite was the peach ale. Had the beer battered fries and our party demolished it. Crispy and well seasoned. Friendly service and fun atmosphere.
Enjoyed New Years' Eve here at the Stone Rose Lounge. The event was mostly outside around their outdoor bar. Although it was a very cold night; they did pretty well positioning all those heat lamps everywhere. The seating looked very pretty; but it was all at an additional cost so we chose to stand and mingle around the lamps like moths. There was an indoor bar as well. I was surprised that the ladies room only had two stalls. Granted this evening had a lot of guests but ladies rooms always need more than two stalls! So nonetheless there was always a wait. The hotel lobby was decorated very nicely for the holidays. Valet was complimentary for the event. Drinks were expensive but I wasn't expecting a bargain there. There was a complimentary champagne toast at midnight and a DJ provided entertainment.
Never had a problem here. I have always been able to clear security within minutes. Surprised at how few food choices there are for an airport of this size.
Took friends from out of town here when they didn't want Mexican.  Time they take some duct tape and fix the seats in the booths.  Asked waitress for 'another minute' to look at menus; she rushed us so at beginning.  Then 15 minutes go by; and nobody.  We tracked down another waiter to send her over.  Food (club sandwich; chinese chicken salad; sliders; BBQ) edible but nothing special. No drink refills offered; guess if you don't order alcohol you're ignored.  We loved this place when it was Ausler's; but won't be going back.  Dirty; worn and scattered service; we'll make the drive elsewhere in future.
This place gave me the runs....literally...straight to the bathroom after I ate this slop. I should have known better...My spidey senses was telling me to leave..but no; I stayed just because I've been craving; jonesing for Caribbean food. So I placed my order; I had Curry chicken; rice and peas and cabbage. I declined the plantains; it seemed the flies enjoyed it better than me. They were having a blast swarming over the plantains. I paid something like $10.95...which in my opinion was too much considering the proportions don't match the price. The taste was just ok...not the worst..but not the best either. The cabbage was pretty good though. The food seemed old too..if I had to bet $20..that food probably was cooked yesterday cause the kitchen did not look cooked in. I feel like a sucka reading these damn reviews thinking I was gonna get a good meal...I don't know where the hell these folks who left reviews ate at..it sure as hell doesn't seems like its this place. Maybe I came at the wrong time. My 1st time sucked....and my bubbling stomach thinks so too. 2 thumbs down and a wtf.
I like this place. I like the location and the fact that they have tea as well as coffee. Oh; and if you sit there they serve your drink in a real glass or mug. I like the comfy sofa and chairs at the far end; but if you want more of a work station they have that too. My complaint is the fact that they always seem understaffed. The last couple times I went here; there was only one girl working the whole shop! Poor thing was so busy making drinks that she had no time to clean up or do anything else. Consequently; it was a little dirty with coffee mugs and napkins left around.
We usually visit the Tempe location but this one works just as fine too. It can be pretty crowded as the box office extends into the mall food court area; and there are only a couple ticket windows. It was clean; and bathrooms had paper and soap-all that good basic stuff.I was craving a hot drink like a coffee or tea but I was out of luck.
Best lattes I've had in all of Arizona. Really the only good coffee I've had after moving from Seattle. This place is a must for anyone who likes good quality coffee. None of that Starbucks low quality junk. Just high quality deliciousness.-Irish Creme Latte Guy
This place is amazing!  We go all the time; the food is just so good it leaves you craving more!  It's run by a husband and a wife; and they are so sweet.  They know exactly what we want and what drinks to get and always serve us with a big smile.  The rice they serve is so yummy; I could eat it all the time.  I myself am not big on Japanese/Chinese food; but this stuff is so yummy.  I always order the Chicken teryakki bowl; which comes with a huge serving of rice; chicken; a few vegetables and it's drizzled with some teryakki sauce.
Used to be a great place - not any more. Hair found in two of four of our breakfast dishes. Food was cold. Biscuits and gravy had weird flavor. Place is Not as clean now either. Stay away!!!
What a fantastic find!  Drove cross country; and this was the last overnight destination.  I think we saved the best for last; as it was such a great hotel and experience; and for $95.  Again; any special request was honored; all of the staff we encountered were lovely; the room was divine; and a fantastic bathroom.  I would go to Phoenix again; if only to spend a weekend at this hotel!
One of my favorite places to eat! Fresh ingredients and healthy eats. Bit pricey.
If you like music; you need to check this place out.  It's a very interesting museum with a great staff; wonderful guided headset tours; good food and drinks; a great museum shop with really cool gift options for the music fans in your life; and they even have a room where you can play all the instruments!  Great place.
Great food and big portions.
Unfortunately I have to deduct a star due to the shenanigans that have occurred two of the three times I've brought a car here for service. Both problems were a result of my scheduling the service appointment online. They push their online scheduling tool as the preferred method of getting an appointment; but both times it has failed to pass my appointment information on to my service advisor. This means I show up when I'm not expected; which I hate doing. Both times this has happened; my advisor has attempted to make it right by taking my vehicle anyway; but this means I have to wait 2 hours for an oil change rather than the 30 minutes it would normally take if my appointment had been recorded properly. I think it's been handled as gracefully as possible on the spot; but the fact that it's happened twice over six months means there are communication problems between the service staff and whoever is pushing the online scheduling tool.Please; either fix it; or just have people call the advisors directly.
Let me start out by saying that my ONLY critique and the ONLY reason I didn't give them five stars; is I made reservations on Open Table and because of a lot of people lingering in the restaurant; they put us in the bar.  But; I have to say that really turned out to be not a bad thing as our server was excellent; the food was excellent and the wine was smooth and wondeful.  I had their 16th St short rib stew (and kuddos that you have a small portion option) and it was scrumptious.  I practically licked the plate and you always know its a winner when I don't offer to have anyone taste my dish.  It had been a long time since we were there and I doubt if it will be a long time before we go back.
Wow! Welcome to the neighborhood! The owner; Jarrett (sorry if I messed the spelling up) is a friendly guy. He came over and said hi. He nailed it with this place.  The guacamole is fresh and cold and the most wonderful texture and flavor...the chips are thin and crispy...the patio is so relaxing. I love this place!After the guacamole; I had the Tostadas de Costilla. Which were delicious. The portion was adequate; but I wish I had one more little tostada. The short rib was perfectly sauced and the mix of unusual flavors was perfect. I can't wait to try the Pastel de Abuela - their own description says: Granny's spicy chocolate cake with candied fresno chiles and pistachio ice cream - YUM! I haven't tried it yet because every time I go to this place I get full from eating all of the other goodies. The decor is really; lovely; too. It is artistic and chic in a way that isn't cold or pretentious. It's just pretty and there are lots of lovely fixtures and pieces of art to look at.As if this place couldn't get any better...It is mellow dog friendly; too!
My wife needed me to mail something for her while she was at work. I absolutely did NOT want to go to the Post Office; especially during the Holidays. Thankfully; Mail N Office was just around the corner!When my daughter and I walked in; we were immediately greeted by the employees behind the counter. I've been to mailing facilities before; but NEVER have I been greeted by ANYBODY. Usually; both the employees and clientele are extraordinarily unhappy. Not at this place. So; immediately; we were put at ease.I brought the item to be shipped to the counter; and the woman went out of her way to make sure that we were getting the best value. She explored several different options for us; ultimately giving us a bevvy of choices for both price and arrival time.As she was finalizing the address and other information for the item we shipped; I had the opportunity to take a look around. This place truly does just about ANYTHING you could possibly want in the way of parcel services. Not only that; but they also offer  specialized services like notary; key cutting; and even A/V conversion and duplication http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/aFvRAlnAGhDPS4XT1XvfCg?select=1EiB0R7a47bd4DMWicbbqA#N-EIVy6yf1OOZv4zf4pllQ!They; of course; offer mail box services; and they have quite a few from which you can choose http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/aFvRAlnAGhDPS4XT1XvfCg?select=1EiB0R7a47bd4DMWicbbqA#s2hI27tXMJVcD1yU0XS5hg. I'm not necessarily in the market for this type of service; so I didn't ask for pricing on mailbox rentals. Though; if this is something you might need; rest assured; Mail N Office can help you out.If you are like me; and you didn't actually bring a box to ship your particular item; don't sweat it. There a few sections where you can choose from any number of boxes and/or envelopes to send your package on its merry way http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/aFvRAlnAGhDPS4XT1XvfCg?select=1EiB0R7a47bd4DMWicbbqA#6AmBAdl8aJsMqNTimMABQg.As we walked out; a few extra services caught my eye. For example; if you need to have your package wrapped; consider it done http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/aFvRAlnAGhDPS4XT1XvfCg?select=1EiB0R7a47bd4DMWicbbqA#eResJXsjKlMh8QZMUqY7kw. Do you need to purchase packaging materials? You can do that here; too http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/aFvRAlnAGhDPS4XT1XvfCg?select=1EiB0R7a47bd4DMWicbbqA#iVk9_anmTCuXIvFo7CJt7A. Do you need a new passport photo? Guess what? They do that; too http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/aFvRAlnAGhDPS4XT1XvfCg?select=1EiB0R7a47bd4DMWicbbqA#lTk3ixYJMs_RbFwXOPdO2w!Suffice it to say; if this place is within your radius; you don't ever have to worry about that depressing and miserable feeling you get from standing on line at the Post Office!
Shortly after posting my last review I was contacted by a very sweet member of Oregano's customer service department. We were invited back to try the Gilbert location with a certificate for part of a meal. As someone who believes that customer service can make or break a company; we decided to try again.Our last trip a few days ago was much better. We still had a wait for three of us on a Tuesday; but this time our server was right on point and took great care of us. He definitely turned things around and we will be likely to return sometime in the future. Even after having to listen to the hostess loudly talking(and swearing) to her personal friends at the booth next to us for the whole meal. Again; no manager in sight the entire time we were there. We just wanted to thank them for the certificate and compliment our server. This place isn't that big; where are they all hiding? All in all I can appreciate that they took the time to make things right. The wait and foul mouthed hostess kept us from having warm fuzzies about this place but we'll be back to satisfy our pazookie craving soon.
It's one of the best causal dinning places in the Valley!
My husband went here the other night and sat at the bar.  The bar staff was super attentive.  I love when they are generous with samples and allow you to try stuff before taking a leap.  We had good intentions of having a full meal here but after two hearty appies we went for salads.  We had the pig ears and the calamari.  The pigs ears were really interesting and I'm glad we tried them.  I preferred the really crispy ones over the limp ones.  They came with an amazing hot/sweet tomato sauce for dipping.  My only complaint was that they are a little greasy but they taste of pure pork.  The calamari was excellent.  I hate the breaded deep fried stuff and these were sauteed and tender.  I had the cobb salad and my hubs had the kale with salmon on top.  Both were very good and filling.  I would go back again to try the burger and several other things on the menu.
its a great little course...Its a members only but was able to play since I stayed at The Hyatt...Hotel rate is xpensive but they were able to get me out on the Dunes course as a single...I played it in 90min for the 9 holes but i could have finished in 60 min...I played 2 balls the last 4holes to try to get my money's worth...=)....Super nice staff and excellent amenities!
Food was okay. Service was good.
I've ordered from here a few times. They're reliable and the prices are pretty fair. I'd love it if they had a larger cat litter selection so I can order food and litter at the same time. But their cat food selection is great; especially since I'm picky about what my cat eats. And not sure why they give those free dog biscuits to people who are ordering cat food; I just end up giving it away to my dog-owning friends.
So this place; Is a local fav for us. This shack goes through its spurt of being good and average but to be honest through our venture with this business we have never had an awful experience with the staff or the food; AND the price is soo affordable. You should go! Taco TUES IS pry the best day to go; for some reason I feel like in the winter this business puts its best self forward if you know what I mean. -BYOB-Yes; actually.
Deep fried deviled eggs?! Yes!!
Wow I haven't been to Outback for many years!  Like 8-10 years!! Don't know why not; maybe because I do not usually eat at full chain restaurants and trying to eat at more locally owned restaurants or trying different foods?? Well all I can say is I kick my self for driving by Outback for this many years. For Christmas I received a gift card so now I had no reason not to go. We were promptly seated and had a very nice server. We skipped any appetizers and went into  the open flamed seared sirloin with the shrimp on the barbie.  (our new years resolution was to share more at certain places; to cut calories and save money since we are always TOO full to finish; and doggie bags suck)  We added some coconut shrimp too. We started our dinner off with a split Caesar salad. The salad was very good. Surprised me coming from a chain. lol.  Had a lot of flavor. By the time dinner came I was really looking forward to it. We had cut the steak in half (it was 11oz and my wife can only do 3-4oz so it was perfect split)  and shared the shrimp and had our 2 sides of garlic mash potatoes  and French fries (my idea) and had ourselves a meal!The meal was very good! Steak was asked for medium; and was perfect. Shrimp was great; not my favorite was the coconut shrimp. The sides were great. Even just sharing I was too full to even LOOK; at a desert menu.  Also we added our meal with sharing the margarita trio. 3 samples margarita which were really good. I liked the mango one the best. Overall we had a wonderful dinner here at outback. Price wasn't  to bad either for steak. With or without the gift cards ill be back!
Yes; glad I finally tried Mr. Bianco's famed sandwich spot.  Added bonus was that they now serve pizza next door; no more 2 hour wait. The food is fresh and delicious.  Every dish is a culinary masterpiece and a palette pleas-er.  I would suggest the Mozzarella Sandwich (a Caprese on bread); but always check out the daily special.  Decent selection of craft beers and wine.  Just go and enjoy.
It's nice to swing by grab a $2 beer and sit on the patio; and chat with friends while all the pretty Arcadian locals come in to grab their superior breads and cakes.  I would expect a beer at a place like this to cost $5.  Nope.  It is only $2; while my own pretty little wife with her affluent proclivities finds; thinks; postulates and debates which bread will best suit our upcoming party.  I can sit back and have a reasonable drink for only $2 at a truly pleasant setting.
I usually don't even bother reviewing airport food because it's not worth the time.However; this place annoyed me so much that I just had to SAY SOMETHING to SPARE other weary travelers from this place.  Let's just get this out of the way: airport food is usually not that good.  OK; I agree; I'm with you.  Even when you take this into account; however; this place still fellates burro huevos.FOOD:Mexican: redefined: this is their food slogan. I have no idea what this means; but I hate it.  I paid $10.XX for a burrito and six chips here and it was probably both one of the smallest AND crappiest burritos I have ever had (this is a very challenging feat to accomplish).  So for about twice the price of Chipotle (a burrito benchmark) I got something made with low-grade SYSCO ingredients that was about HALF the size (and; once again DOUBLE the price). Please note; this burrito (called the BLUE BURRITO; probably some weaksauce* tequila/agave reference) is affectionately referred to as their signature item.BEER:Crappy airport selection Bud/Miller/Coors with FAT TIRE being the most flavorful option.  They were really proud of their Tequila.SERVICE:Was actually awesome; food came out fast; and I needed to JET in a hurry to make my flight.  My waitress was super nice and SUPER SNAPPY.  She even seemed a bit sad that I wasn't going to have time to eat the thing while sitting down (had to take half of this MASSIVE thing** on the plane with me; to the detriment of the other poor passengers).  The service was so good that it's the only reason I'm not one-starring this RE-DEFINED dining experience.$$$:A beer; a shot of well bourbon; and a burrito set me back $27.*yeah; their salsa and hotsauce was also bland**I'm surprised they didn't make me check it at the gate
Came here on new years eve because I wanted to see their gluten free menu. Im newly diagnosed with celiac disease so Ive been on the hunt for places to eat.I tried their GF grilled artichokes and holy crap were they delicious. Seasoned well with a yummy aioli sauce. Seriously would make a trip way the hell up north just to eat those again.For my entree I had the GF burger. Unfortunately; it was just a burger with no bun; I was kind of hoping it would either be wrapped in lettuce or they would have a GF bread. But; it was good. Their french fries have so much potential; they were shoestring and cooked perfectly; but had almost no seasoning. All they need to do is throw a little seasoning on those puppies and they would be fantastic. Service and management were really great. They gave us a free dessert (GF souffle) because we had a little incident with another patron. It had nothing to do with them; but they apologized for it and gave us the dessert; which I thought was really nice. And the fact that they remembered I was doing the GF thing was really cool. I would definitely go here again and they had a fairly decent size gluten free menu if you need it. :) TVs in the bar area.
My fiance introduced this place to me a few weeks ago.  I don't care for crepes but the Crepe Bar has to be one of the best culinary surprises I have ever experienced.  I regularly get brunch here and I often have to keep myself going there too often. Meal:  I typically get the breakfast savory crepe; a cappuccino; and recently; some granola to take home with me.Taste:  I don't know if there is any place in Phoenix that perfectly combines savory; salty tastes and different culinary styles (Mexican and French) as well as the Crepe Bar.  Granted I have barely put a dent in all the available options in Phoenix; but whatever Crepe Bar does; Crepe Bar does it right. The cappuccino and granola alone are enough to visit Crepe Bar.  10 out of 10.Value:  The Crepe Bar portions are a little on the same size.  They are the epitome of quality over quantity . . . or maybe I just think the portions are undersized because I could eat their food all day long.  Yes; this does make me sound like a totally glutinous schmuck; but really; their crepes are that damn good. 3 out of 5.Service/Cleanliness:  Service can be slower than anticipated; but then again this place isn't trying to dethrone McDonalds.  Their staff of what can only be described as sweet natured hipsters are extremely friendly without coming off as insincere.  9 out of 10.Atmosphere:  Simple; easy to get around.  While the lack of furniture and tables may remind you of a fresh-out-college kid's apartment; it works extremely well.  It is eclectic; slightly mismatched; and if there was anymore else in there; it would be too much.  It is kind of humorous that its in a strip mall; which I didn't expect when I first go there.  The walls are decorated with just the right amount of local artists' work.  5 out of 5.Overall:  If you want to surprise a friend or decided to skip a day at work; Crepe Bar is the perfect place to go.  Hell; its the perfect place to go anytime of the day.  27 points out of 30; 5 out of 5 stars.
The only reason they have my business is because I'm along for the ride already. Can't say they haven't messed up my order in some sort of way. Those things including simple tasks like reading the order back; checking for all the items & even correct greetings. I know you can; I would like you to and make your money.
I like coming to this AMC on the weekends because the movies are only $5.50 before noon. It is pretty cool that we are normally the only ones in there.  Also the staff is always really nice and the theatres are really clean.  :)  If you are ever in downtown and want to see a moving you should head over to AMC.  :)
The New England Clam Chowder in a baby bread bowl; $6 and with the cold wet weather this evening; my thoughts took me to Boudin's in SF. Now if only there was a fire and maybe the sounds of a blues band.The small plate menu suits me. I order up the Charcuterie Board of Creminelli Wild Boar Salami; barolo salami; sopressata prosciutto; with a toasted baguette; garnished with a variety of wonderful olives. $13. We shared one more plate of their grilled taro tacos full of vegetables topped with avocado salsa. $12.The occasion called for a bottle of red Exem Bordeaux. This bottle is French; and is a bit rare since this wine is a new style of Bordeaux. Excellent rich aromas of dark fruit.$27.I understand Chef Stacy is planning on hosting tastings for her wines; that will be superfun; plus looking forward to sample the good beers in the coming rotations. Then there are the deserts which include butter pecan goat cheese cake; mascarpone strawberries; and assorted homemade marshmallows.Well Done Chef and Happy New Year.
I'm not really a Mimi's fan but my husband had never been so we decided to come here for brunch. Food was excellent and our server was very attentive. I'm not giving 5 stars because; I think it was the lead server or something; was literally screaming at the other servers calling them lazy and insulting them so loudly that myself and other customers went silent and were staring. Treating employees poorly results in poor service; it's probably why some of them were in such bad moods.
Breakfast sandwich is delicious (and only $6). Love that they were open late (12:30 am). So good.
I love the decor of this place. It has a contemporary Mexican feel.  The food was delicious.  We ordered the corn; queso; and tacos.  Everything was delicious and very unique...not the usual traditional Mexican food.  I recommend it!
There's something really magical about a genuine Jewish deli. It's huge and filled with great halvah candies and black/white cookies--what's not to love? Their menu; and consequently their portions; is humongous. When I entered the deli; I glowed like a child in a candy store. Substitute candy for grease; of course.So why the 3 stars? Just like a kid who overdoses on sugar; I certainly got a week's worth of grease in just one bite of my meal. I ordered a Montecristo sandwich (my fav) and they somehow turned it into a cube of oil. My hands were glowing with grease and I could feel my body cursing me for subjecting it to that sandwich.As happy and excited as I was to enter the restaurant; I felt equally shitty when I was done with the meal.Distinguishing factor: Menu and portions that will certainly rival your appetite. You won't leave hungry.
I give this place 2 stars because the food is pretty consistent and good; but the service is soooooo bad. Not  just a little bit bad; but a LOT bad. We have been several times and I think we have had one good experience.
Well my experience was the opposite of the reviews here. Just needed a basic data SIM for my iPad while visiting from Canada. Friendly; efficient service. Gave me exactly what I needed.
I just love Pita Jungle. Honestly; it took me a while to enjoy it and explore it as much as I have over the past year. The chicken curry salad! That's it :-p Seriously though; the chicken curry salad had me think this is an extremely well balanced salad with everything one could need I a meal. Prior to finding this amazing salad I tried their spinach pasta salad; again; amazing and made me want to try all of their salads.... So that's pretty much what I have done. The carribean salad with the delicious sugar coconut shredded all over it was interesting and delicious although I was a little worried I may consume a little too much fruit for my stomach to handle. The curry soup; yum (can you tell I love curry). I used to stick to the falafel until I found out the sodium content and thought perhaps I ought to stay away from it for a while. I won't go through the menu item by item because it may take away from the surprise for you :o) So I will close by saying that the kids menu is slightly impressive compared to any other places using the myplate guidelines to ensure kids are getting a serving from every meal; they aren't spiced and just simple for the possibly picky eaters. I like it and I can't deny it and we've been eating there pretty darn regularly so I'm pretty positive we will be back.
Can't help it; I love their chicken tacos! This location is usually pretty empty; so the drive thru goes quick. I hate that their hours have changed from 24-hours; but I understand. Why stay open when you have no customers? Lol.
Creative menu; lots of varitey.  They even have a drive thru!
Ask for tha Anitas special tacos. OMG can you say Street tacos!
Like many people have stated; the protein pancakes are great- I dont care for anything else but them which is why I rate at 4 stars. The service is excellent and the menu is HUGE; lots of options.
Our Holiday Office party dinner was at the Wandering Horse Buffet.  We had over 20 people at our table.  The staff was very attentive and helpful however; seemed to be in a rush at times to clear the table with plates when some where still eating.  The selection of foods was bigger than expected! Kind of an international selection; from Mexican; Asian and Mediterranean.  However; the two main proteins were duck and chicken which was really odd.  The duck was dry.   I was looking forward to the scallops that everyone had mentioned. No scallops.  The oysters were still attached to the shell which made it hard to eat.  Nothing really stood out as to why you would go here over other places.  Except that there is a huge selection of options and it's about $26.  Even the fried rice was bland.  I would try it again for the brunch but it wouldn't be my first choice when taking friends and family to.
Had the bouillabaisse ! It was so amazing...loaded with seafood. Can't wait o try the other specialties. Friendly cozy atmosphere.
This past weekend we stayed at the Royal Palms....a beautiful place in Scottsdale.  Their restaurant certainly matched the ambience of the resort.  Dark; warm decor; rustic feel.  We were dining in a large group; so that may have knocked a star off my review; but I felt that for the level of the resort the restaurant was fair; not great.  We had the lobster bisque for starters; and it was ok....not a standout compared to others I have had.  My wife had the lobster tortellini and it was again good; not great....although the presentation was artful; it just lacked any wow factor in spicing; texture or even the basic preparation of the lobster (slightly overdone; not as succulent as it should have been).   I had the 21 day dry aged ribeye.  It was pretty good; cooked perfectly; but was a bit pricey.  The ribeye came with truffled grits and hamakua mushrooms which were ok.  There are better picks in nearby downtown Scottsdale; but if you enjoying this beautiful resort and don't feel like driving you can get a good dinner here.
it was actually raining at our house on saturday. that never happens. so instead of staying in; we headed over to fashion square to catch a movie. it's a small theater but they offer the latest releases. we arrived early to catch a 9:50 showing of Life of Pi. there were 5 other movie goers in the theater so it almost felt like a private screening. matinee prices; good popcorn. fun!
1.30 am and I'm looking for breakfast.  Motored on up to Waffle House.  Delighted to see they are all wearing Santa hats.  Great service.  Great food.  Unfortunately 2 drugged out guys were trying to start trouble but the staff handled it very professionally.  Time to leave and I didn't want to run into the druggies if they were still outside.  Staff said they would walk me to my car but instead a really nice gentlemen picking up his to go order offered instead.  Kudos to good people.
Taste a little like out of a box.  Sorry; just felt unimpressed and peeved that I bought this.  I'll continue on with my cupcake quest.
Great stuff but they are now located at 10444 e apache trail in their trailer on the side of the gun shop parking lot between crimson and signal butte on north side; give it a try!Oh ya; they cater and its awesome !
Amazing service; even with it being my server's final day.. With the fact it was the 7pm on the Friday before Christmas; my order came out rather quickly.. Loved the tall glass of beer; but the dinner portions for the Korean Chicken & Kona Ribs could have been a bit bigger for the price. Loved the Apple Blueberry Walnut Cobbler..!
Get the Omakase (It means I will entrust you with my food).  Literally mindblowing if you don't mind shelling out a benjamin Koji-son will rock your world.  Also ask what fish they have in fresh.  It's one of the very few sushi restaurants with fresh never frozen fish.  (That also means it's not shipped frozen)  Insane food and incredibly small location so plan ahead and expect a wait.
Wow. Thanks to my father I was able to find this hidden treasure. I love good Mexican food and the meal started out strong with great chips and salsa and guac. Service was good and one of the few bright spots. Then it was downhill. Food came out so fast and the meats lacked flavor or the ability to chew without hurting your jaw. Normally we take leftovers but I didn't want to put myself through any more pain. Just like a std; bad food goes home with you too and boy did it ever. Listening to the symphony coming out of my dear little brothers butt was music to my ears. I felt like I gave birth as I sat down on the porcelain praying that this would end. I feel bad because it does have potential; just needs to combine its service to it food. Fresh is important even at low prices. I woke up this morning with a hangover but ended the day with excrutiating indigestion.
Beautiful restaurant. The ceiling fans when you walk in are a nice touch. I wouldn't call this place Vietnamese though. They have a huge menu with all sorts of food; some of which are Asian fusion but there's also American and Italian. I had the Moroccan chicken which was good. My friend had the steak and lobster which he liked but I thought was meh. The steak wasn't anything special and the lobster was mushy but it was his food so whatever. I'd definitely like to go back because there was about 5 dishes I would have liked to try.
What an awesome way to be introduced to the the Phoenix Elite team! This was an amazing night; and I don't know if it was just because it was the holidays but the event exceeded all my expectations. The Tanzy staff did an excellent job of keeping our glasses full; making great drink suggestions; changing our plates out for clean ones; and keeping the food coming. The food came out family style; but there was plenty to go around and then some. I think we had like ten courses including desserts! Everything was delicious!Favorites included: beef short rib; seared calamari; grilled salmon; fried Brussels sprouts; Long blonde savvy; and flour-less chocolate cakeNot so favorite: the risotto was a little blandAnd for the location and ambiance I wouldn't mind paying a little more to visit Tanzy again. Didn't get to go to I-Pic yet but I have the tickets on my dresser and I'm excited to check it out!
I really like this place. It has a fun feel and good prices. The crowd varies; but most of the time it's full of laid-back people looking to have some fun with friends and maybe make some new ones. I like how they have a bag-toss on the patio; although I have yet to win a game there. I still haven't tried their food yet; but when I do; I will update my review. Very solid.
Great service.  28 day wet aged steaks.  good mix of red meat and seafood. Awesome sides that are family style so great for sharing.  Bone in strip is the signature.  Try the lobster mac and cheese.  Really good.  Great wine list.
Baratin made my day; truly a pleasure.I started out with a salad with Maytag; roasted hazelnuts; pears and butternut squash; every bit of it was absolutely perfect. I almost cried when one of the nuts rolled off the plate. The salad mix was fresh and crisp; the butternut was; I think raw; or just barely cooked; and I kept thinking; why didn't I think to do that? The combination of flavors was a sin.Next I had brussels sprouts with pickled red onion and some other deliciousness I can't remember. They were those perfect petite brussels; not the big honking ones that don't hold their shape. Good flavor; crisp; and the red onion gave them some bite. I enjoyed them.You should eat at Baratin; probably more than once.
RACIST BIGOT OWNER!!!Racism or making fun against any group of people is unbelievable.  However; MR. Wonderful Wanda thinks it is ok.  Look at the menu.  They have an item labeled Redneck Bendict.  I was there for breakfast recently because my girlfriend was hungry.  We noticed the offensive; racist; prejudicial verbiage and; respectfully; told the wife of the owner we found it offensive.  She said nothing initially.  Later; she apologized for her husband (the owner of Wonderful Wandas).  My girl and I paid our bill; provided a tip and left.  Upon the next visit; requested by my girlfriend; we were abrupbly told to leave the restaurant by the owner because we were rude according to Mr. Wonderful Wanda.  We were dumbfounded.  He told me to take my yellow bitch and never come back.  I refrained from breaking his face and drove down the street to The Good Egg.  Excellent food at the Good Egg by the way.  My girlfriend is Asian (Laotian) and she was very offended.  So if you are a proponent of bigots; racists; horrible service; an outhouse bathroom nestled in the anals of the kitchen; average food; cramped surroundings and unattractive servers that never smile; please solicit Wonderful Wandas!If not; go somewhere else.  Google Redneck.  It is dorogatory; racist and wrong.  Please do not support such a pathetic establishment.
I have eaten here before and been pleased. This time; however; was nothing but disappointment. Our waitress messed up the order; checked on us once; and took forever getting change and to go boxes. She was either fairly new or just not a good waitress. The food was luke warm and best with my prime rib being tough and tasteless. The side dishes looked like they had been prepared days before and left in a warming bin. Their consistency was that of mushy oatmeal. The ribs were overcooked; the shrimp was overcooked; and the rest of the food was boring. I am a very generous person; but this night did not feel like the absolutely lousy service warranted a tip. I didn't leave one While I was getting my car down the hill; the waitress had the nerve to confront my family about why no tip was left. VERY UNPROFESSIONAL. It's gonna take more than some crappy 20% off coupon to get us to EVER go back. We never will. I would avoid this place like the plague.
I had pancakes; eggs over easy and ham. The eggs and pancakes were great; I would pass on the ham. Not enough servers.
i stayed here on business a few weeks ago. my employer didn't make reservations for a me and a couple of my co-workers; so on the day we were supposed to stay; the front desk agent who took our reservation was accommodating and helped us reserve our rooms. when we checked in; the agent was also very nice. she explained breakfast and checked us into rooms near each other. this spring hill suites is very nice and well kept. it's quiet and located in a great area (close to arizona mills). the only thing that was unpleasant was the light shining in my room all night while i tried to sleep. this is entirely my fault because i did not check to see if the curtains were black out curtains. wish i would have known! would have gotten way better sleep; hahahaha.
Excellent food; I found a way to go back there twice in the short visit I had in Arizona.
I just recently moved here from Texas and this is the first place I went to for an oil change. The first time service was fine. I expect people to attempt the up-sale on items and they do. That's their job. However I expected the work to be done right. For 3000 miles after the first change I've had an oil leak. The second 3000 miles the oil leak worsened and caused problems with my engine. I went to them between that time and I was told oils full and no leaks were evident but the oil light kept coming on. I checked myself and the leaks were both in evident spots with the oil filter being one. $300 later and a second opinion I'm good to go. I never comment on things like this but that shows me that they don't care about taking care of your cars but more about the money spent upon visit.
This place is a gem.  Jade Palace totally reminds us of what we used to experience as what great New York Chinese food tastes like.
I gave it two just because the lunch specials are at very good price. But the service here is terrible. The food takes forever and sometimes it's sitting in the bar for a long time before a waitress takes it. Every time takes half hour more than any other restaurant and it's extremely difficult to ask something especial or different. There is often confusion and mistakes with the tab; and usually someone at the table gets the food after everyone else is done.The food itself its not that great but not terrible especially for that price.If you have a lot of time and patience and want to save money to eat sushi; this might work for you.
Staff is friendly service is good drinks are great
Decent food but horrible owner.I ordered a Diet coke.We don't serve diet coke; the owner doesn't believe in itDoesn't believe it in?Diet soda is not the fricking Easter BunnyDiet soda is not the Lock Ness Monster.Is is a GD soft drink!!Why not? I ask.The owner hates fake sugar and refuses to support it Says the server What about all this fake sugar on the table for our coffee? Every table has a bowl of sweetener on the table?!?!! says me.Oh; that is for the coffee. He says it would upset too many people if we took it away. But you can go next door; and buy a diet there; then bring it over here if you likeWTF?!?!Sure I'll go over there; next door every time I want a refillSo this guy takes his stand with diet soda?Does he have any clue what is in regular soda?!?! Hell; diet or anything else; it is all bad for you. But I want a diet and the owner won't serve itWay to take a stance on such an important issue genius..Never again will I support this restaurant..Lame
I've never been to this Barro's Pizza; but we order delivery from there all the time. I'm very happy with the delivery time frame and the quality of food when we order. Delicious!
When you enter Twirl you might not see an employee there right away because; as I later saw for myself after paying; that the teenage girl that works there is busy in the back room taking duck-face pictures of herself from above her head with her phone (true story); BUT she will probably be there to ring you up right when you need her to like she was for me.  The frozen yogurt at Twirl is as good as that first run on sentence was long. They may not have as many types of frozen yogurt as some of the other guys but what they do have is good stuff. They have a dozen or so types of froyo that you serve up yourself. They have sample size cups so you can find the right one for you before committing to anything you have to pay for. Then you put on your own toppings and they have allot to choose from. It is great that this whole process is self serve so you can make it the way you want. Then they weigh it and charge you. I had a huge helping and it was $6 and some change but I am a big guy. My wife said she and her sister went there many times and the bill for the both of them was less than my total bill; but I digress. The place has lots of seating; great music and a classy; mellow atmosphere geared towards adults who don't take duck-face photos. I would have liked to see a little bit more variety in their frozen yogurt but I still think Twirl is a good business I would revisit and recommend to friends.
Please make 0 stars an option Yelp!  Avoid BOB and STEVE at the Thomas/44th St. location at all costs! Got suckered into a Serta Perfect Sleeper here; and within a MONTH the nearly $1500.00 bed was sagging!  We didn't want to deal with it and are moving and called Bedmart about the warranty weeks ago.  They looked up our file; and said that an inspector would be in touch to set up an appointment to inspect the bed.  I waited a week and called back but they said not to worry.  I called a week later; and they said they would look into it.  Called again and they said they'd look into it again; but go no return call.  Finally; I called again today; for the 4th time; and STEVE told me there was no way it would happen until next year (after we move).  That's annoying; and bad service; sure; but the reason I'm writing this is that they were patronizing; rude; and just plain insulting.  When I said I was dissatisfied at having to wait a month; after we move; just for the initial appointment; STEVE spoke to me like he was doing me a favor to look into why we had not been contacted!  In fact; he actually said this!  He was vague about the whole thing and when I asked a question about it; he actually said he could fax my request to the factory today or THROW IT IN THE TRASH!  BTW; the manager Bob said the factory is actually closed; so faxing it was not a favor at all!  Either way; are they really doing me a favor to follow up on the bad service for the crappy product they sell?  No!  I called back and asked to speak to the store manager; who answered the phone and identified himself as BOB.  Without even giving me a chance to say hello; he gruffly said he had heard the whole conversation and was not going to allow abuse.  I explained that I was the abused one; and that unless I had been on speaker phone; he had only heard one side of the conversation.  He did not like facts; and was even more rude after I pointed this out.  Needless to say; he clearly did not care about customer service; talked over me and cut me off; and spoke to me like he was Donald Trump and I was his peon contestant.  He proceeded to tell me that there would be no inspection anytime soon; since the Serta factory was closed until the New Year. But he offered a hollow favor...if I wanted; he would call me Monday; Xmas Eve.  Umm; hello; but you just told me the factory who sets up the inspection appointments; is closed for 10 days...so what new information would you have in 2 days?  BOB did not want to be bothered with facts; and just wanted to shove it to me; whether it made sense or not; so he kept repeating and belaboring this.  When does the factory open; I asked?  But BOB; who either made up the whole thing about the closure; or knew only half the facts; or just wanted to keep shoving it to me; wouldn't tell me.  When do you want me to call you back; since you want everything on your schedule; he asked.  How about right when the factory re-opens.  How about we just have them call you to set up the appointment; he said.  Um; but I already did that weeks ago; and they didn't set it up; I pointed out.  (That's why I called 4 times.)  Whenever the factory opens; the next day would be fine; I said.  Then BOB decided; even though I told him this would not work; he would not follow up on why they hadn't called and just start over.  In other words; throw the follow-up request in the trash!  No; I said; I don't want that.  That's what I'm doing; and then hung up on meWe went to BedMart looking for a latex mattress that was firm.  But Bed Mart on 44th/Thomas convinced us that this spring bed would be great and would not sag.  They lied.  Then we call about the warranty because the bed is crap and they know it; we don't hear from them repeatedly.  Someone else at the 44th/Thomas location was supposed to follow up with me two days ago but never did (on my 3rd call).  Clearly; they want to get a bed sold; period.  If you have a problem; which eventually you will; they will tell you it is someone else fault; not return calls; patronizingly tell you that they are doing you a favor to follow up on your lack of service; and basically treat you like you are crap because you have a problem with the bed.  To top it all off; they will hang up on you and be rude.  Stay away from this location; from BedMart generally; and from Bob and Steve!
Ahhh jersey mikes. Sounds kinda like a truckstop you avoid on a long road trip but let me tell you my friends...it's definitely a stop you should make. The BREAD: soft; flaky and fresh. The MEAT: sliced fresh for every sandwhich. The toppings...different and very good.  You can order your sub mikes way and it will come with lettuce; tomatoes; white onion & LOTS of (too much imo) oil and vinegar... as for the prices;  i think the people complaing about an 11.00 samdwhich are failing to mention;  that size sandwhich is literally 3 meals! I get the regular sub which is still huge & end up eating one half for lunch & the other for dinner. You can get the mini which is plenty of food for ME (probably not enough  if your a guy or have a hefty appetite ) for under 5 bucks. One thing that constantly keeps me coming back is the customer service. I would much rather spend my $ in a place that takes pride in it's customer service;  listens; and gives you what you asked for than any other mediocre serviced sub shop offering a 5.00 footlong and an attitude.  Oh and another brownie point mikes scored on the board? They have fox news on. That a boy!!
I've been hearing about this place for awhile now and finally tried it out.  The boy and I put our name on the list for the restaurant and decided to venture to the roof top bar while we waited.The pool area is lovely; as is  the lobby.  Neat elevator. Gorgeous view from the roof.  Really nice outdoor bar.  Plus they have Hendricks; so I was set.  The bartenders were super friendly; we had a nice chat and headed back down stairs.We were seated outside and pursed the menus. We shared the chochinita and fish tacos; they were very good.  The boy got the Naco Torta; he enjoyed it.  I had the chilquiles verdes with a side of rice.  The flavors were really good; I just wish there had been more of them.  Easily rectified with a healthy dousing of the provided hot sauce; not love lost here.  Our server was efficient; he kept our waters full and the food came out correctly and on time.  Maybe a little over enthused about correct pronunciation of each dish; but I can handle it.
This place is gross. The first thing I noticed was how greasy the floors were..We got seated in the back..kind of upstairs. The place is rundown and needs attention. The ceiling above was dripping water right in our booth! The food? Big portions of tasteless slop. Nothing was edible. The eggs had no flavor at all..Hashbrown portion huge; but again..a blob of mush underneath like nothing I've ever seen or tasted. There was cheese on my toast..were did that come from? We didn't eat but a few bites..I paid and tipped as the waitress was nice..but never going back. The place was packed so someone must like it..Not I
First all I have to say is thank God TQLA is in the easy valley.... Last night was our first visit and will not be our last.  We sat in the bar (are go to spot) even though tables we available.  The bartenders were both very nice; and very helpful... Off to a great start... We were offered chips and salsa. I know what you are thinking big deal! Well yeah the chips were chips; but the 3 yes 3 salsas were incredible.  First you're more traditional roasted pepper salsa; not the typical tomato puree with some onions.  Next a favorable guacamole tomatillo; and the kicker; what they called the good luck salsa; black eyed pees with onion & cilantro; best salsa of the night.It was happy hour with appetizers half off; such a great deal; we chose the Baja Ceviche.  Now here is something do don't find out side of Scottsdale ... fresh seafood who would of thunk? Nice presentation with lots of seafood; my only comment maybe a little more lime..For the entree we went with the craw fish & spinach enchiladas.  Everything about this was first rate.  The black beans had flavor; not like they just rolled them out of a can; and even the rice was memorable. Next time they have an appetizer of Craw fish Hush Puppies I have to try. I would not call this place a Mexican restaurant; more of a Southwest fusion of three types of cuisine.  I would call it a cross between Cajun; Tex-Mex; and Mexican.  The menu is not large (good thing); but they do have a nice variety of choices; including vegetarian choices.My wife and I both love this type of food; and we have search the east valley; and until now have not found a place to keep coming back to.  We were so desperate that we actually went to One the Boarder a couple of times; it makes me gag just thinking about it.For me if you live around the 60 in Mesa you have to try it at least once. Thursdays are the night to be here we ended up next to a group that make Thursday's their TQLA night; and we were welcomed into the pack. So I hope to see you all next Thursday at TQLA it's a fun time and so far Great Food.
Consistently comes to my rescue when I need a place to chill. I wish they were open for dinner. Today is what made me write the review. Went to one place; line was out the door. Went to another- same deal. Went to Einsteins and they were busy but not crazy busy. More like steady. Next time I'll go there first. Love the cranberry tasty turkey on a cranberry bagel. Love their seasonal food too!
It has taken me about 3 years of going to Scratch on the reg to come to my conclusion on it. Over the years this place has gone back and forth in my book from 5 stars to a measly 1 star; now it's there to stay with 2.5 stars.LUNCH: It has just come to my attention that they have taken the best thing off the lunch menu--the duck and walnut sandwich w/ olive oil. This leaves me little reason to go there for lunch anymore.. I can buy a better $8.00 sandwich elsewhere; and I can make a better salad than that pile of garbage they call a side salad with nasty dried out carrots and a waste of a perfectly delicious dressing.BREAKFAST: I liked it; but many others I've been with haven't. It's a little dainty; and the bacon is not the regular bacon your expecting. DINNER: I have not been here for dinner but my parents have and they said it was awful; the French onion soup was horrible and they were out more than one of their main dishes.DESSERT: It is ALL amazing. And I mean really amazing. All of their desserts taste as good as they look. I love the triple chocolate mousse cup; the dark chocolate tart; the lemon meringue; lemon tart w/ raspberries; croissants; and sugar cookies.Overall their service is weak. The desserts are to die for. The food is good but overpriced; and it all comes with sad excuse for a salad. Every time I go back the menu is different to my disappointment. I will definitely go back for desserts; but that's probably all.
I love everything about this place. It would be a cool venue in any city; but considering it is the the entertainment wasteland that is Phoenix; the Crescent Ballroom is exceptional.Most of the shows I've gone to in the past year have been either here or at the Marquee. Talk about opposite ends of the spectrum! Compare the friendly staff to the surly workers at the Marquee. The wonderful temperature control versus the sweltering heat. The clean; plentiful bathrooms instead of cesspool restrooms. And what about the free water stations; great cocktails; stadium seats; and a damn tasty veggie burro big enough for two?All of these great elements make Crescent Ballroom a shining star in Cen Pho. In a town where venue after venue is shutting down; I couldn't be happier that this place is thriving.
Mr. M & I went to a movie at the Harkins Theater at Tempe Marketplace; then a jog on the trail along Tempe Town Lake; so maybe by the time we rolled into the Thirsty Lion we didn't look like big spenders or tippers.  We sat at the bar and the first bartender who was in the vicinity came over after a few minutes and asked if we wanted food menus.  The drink menu was already there so we were looking that over.  We said we'd like a food menu too; and then he proceeded to completely ignore us.  I won't get any more personal than to say he claimed to be Australian and has an Andrew Dice Clay haircut; but we almost left because of him ignoring us and then me overhearing his long-winded diatribe about what a beer geek he is and that people should never drink gluten-free beer.  Now; I don't have the gluten sensitivity; but I know some people do and I couldn't understand for the life of me what in the world he was expostulating about.  I could go on because he really annoyed me; but suffice it to say if I had to rate him alone he would get negative 10 stars.  Awful.  I was glad to see that a manager type came and got him to move some tables around because he was just about useless.  Thankfully a lovely gal came over to see what we would like.  She's the slender redhead who works her butt off.  She was great and every restaurant should hope for employees like her.  She took our drink and food order and then I saw her taking care of people all around the bar while the other bartender was on his anti gluten-free soapbox.  She was super.  She deserves 5 stars.  If they pool their tips; she is getting ripped off.The beer menu has an okay selection; but nothing too adventurous.  We had the bacon wrapped BBQ prawn app and they were okay; but a little tough and over-cooked.  I would give the beer selection 3.5 stars and the app 2.5 to 3.  We might come back; we might not.  I would have rather driven to Cornish Pasty or Fibber Maggee's now that I think about it.
Amazing pizza! We came with (very) high expectations and still left wow-ed. We got 4 pizzas to share: the rosa; biancoverde; sonny boy and wiseguy. All were fabulous but the rosa was a true standout. I was slightly hesitant about the flavors going together (red onion; parmesan; rosemary and pistachios) but trusted they knew what they were doing. And do they know their stuff. This pizza was hands down the best/most memorable--it was incredibly unique and flavorful and the crunch of the pistachios rounded it all out. The biancoverde was also delicious; the ricotta tasted so buttery! Another standout was their bread--apparently it is baked at their sandwich joint. It was crusty; eggy and delicious with their wonderful olive oil. We had 2 pieces left and I insisted on taking it to go--later to find out they had tucked in a few extra slices for me! Score! Pizzeria Bianco definitely lives up to the hype! GO!!!!
Stopped in here for a first visit today at lunch time; joined by Norm R. & Mike C.  I had a Grilled Turkey Sandwich ($7.99) with a bowl of Chicken Corn Chowder for the included side.  The sandwich was good; but not a match for the Monterey Club Sandwich I enjoyed the other day at First Watch on Thomas.  The chowder was killer good & everything was nice about the restaurant and the service here; as it was at the other location.     :-)
I think after tonight; this will be the last time I go to Richardson's. My husband likes the place; but I find it overpriced for the quality of food. However; I thought it would be nice to take him there tonight for his birthday. First; you can't make a reservation unless you have a party of four and as I discovered; there are no tables for two people. So when we got to the restaurant; there were no tables available and the bar was full; so we were offered a side bar area or outside sitting at a coffee table type area. Less than stellar choices for a birthday dinner. Finally; we got a couple seats at the bar. I ordered the Grouper with caper lemon butter sauce. Imagine my surprise when I received my dish and there were no capers. Everytime that I have had a caper sauce it has had capers in it. When I asked about it; they looked at me like I was crazy. Plus; all the sauce was absorbed by the tortilla on the plate. So I basically I paid $27 bucks for a dry Grouper with asparagus. My husband kind of liked his dish; but he was not overwhelmed. Yeah; the last time we will go there.
Fantastic!  I went to three different markets before I found what I was looking for at Baiz.  Very nice produce; good selection of spices and canned foods.
Came here for dinner - was looking in the neighborhood for something not-too-fancy but delicious - and that's what we got.I had the moussaka platter and my friend had a gyro combo.  The moussaka platter was enormous - I am a fanatic member of the clean plate club; but even I had to ask for a container for leftovers (which were even more delicious at 3AM!)The simple salad is awesome - as noted by others; covered with a generous portion of feta - and the lemon potatoes are also very tasty.  Gyro combo was also very good; served with thick fresh-cooked fries that were great dipped in tzatziki.  The Greek music playing in the background helps keep things festive.The only downside is that this place seems to be always empty.  Not sure why; maybe the drive-thru is where it's at; but certainly will get a return visit from me.  5 stars are for value - you get a lot of great food for your money!
Nice breakfast/brunch spot.  We tried the skillets; and the portions are huge - I couldn't finish it.  Good flavor; but a little too oily (we had the southwest carnitas).  Service was friendly; and the food was served quickly.  I'm not sure if that's typical; but the food was ready almost immediately!The restaurant decor itself is nice.  A somewhat standard brunchy atmosphere; which is the goal here.
I really enjoy all the times I have came here. They have great Gelato and so many options. The staff is pretty friendly too; except for yesterday. My friend and I went to get some Gelato and we checked into foursquare. They do this promo if you text to 30364 and type OMG you get a dollar off your bill. I was trying to tell the girl at the register that and she had NO idea what I was talking about; but the girl scanning all the groupon codes or something knew exactly what I was talking about. The girl scanning the coupons didn't stop at all to help her coworker what it was about; but the girl at the register couldn't wait for us to send the text and took the cash and gave the change to my friend. Granted its only a dollar; but the service on their part was awful. All employees should understand what ever social media is going around promoting their restaurant.
What can I say - I just love this place and their food.  We usually get a salad before our special pizza.   It's reasonably priced.  The bar area seems to always thrive with thirsty patrons.  The dining area was thoroughly populated as well.   The staff was friendly and gave my recently born twin grandsons onesies with Grimaldi's Pizza written on them!   They will be fans too I'm sure!  :)
I am so glad that Sprouts decided to invest a beautiful new store in Ahwatukee.  I am a regular weekly shopper and usually go earlier in the morning or later in the evening so I have not experienced the traffic jams/loud screaming kids; etc. that were mentioned in some of the other reviews.I like the produce department; there are always fresh conventional and organic selections at great prices in addition to the bins that have varieties of assorted coffees; nuts; dried fruits; sweet treats; etc. The cashiers are so friendly and accommodating.  I rarely have to wait long in line.
I go to Tea Lite Cafe for lunch and I have always enjoyed it. It is priced right and they get you your food quickly. If you are looking for some Pho I would recommend this place to anyone. The flavor is good. The only reason I did not give it 5 stars is because it did not blow me away.
I tried this place out based on the many reviews; but I seemed to have gone on a bad day.  The man behind the counter was very nice and helped us pick out something from the menu.  They have a lot of options which would allow for any combination of asian food one can think of.  I ordered the Spicy Szechuan with Tofu which came out too quickly is my estimation.  The vegetables were hardly warmed up  and suspended in a huge amount of viscous pink sauce.  It was so dense and cooled so quickly the veggies were floating in it like jello.  It wasn't even close to spicy so maybe I should have asked for extra spice.
Good wings. They were ginormous. I felt like putting my feet up on the bench; and no one gave me any guff about it. You don't need much coin to eat at hh here; friends. Great wait staff; awesome work.
= = = = = =  THIS REVIEW IS FOR THE WEEKDAY LUNCH BUFFET  = = = = = =It had been almost 15 months; so I stopped back in here; joined by Mike C.; to see how they're doing.  For me; the strongest feature of this place is the small; stylish; very comfortable
Evelyn's Favorite Pasta. Enough said.
Great little atmosphere to work or meet with people.  I'm not a big coffee guy; so can't tell u if that's good or not.  But; I enjoyed it and the place just has a great feel to it!
Location was convenient and our server was very nice. The food was just nothing to write home about. We could've gone to Ra for the same food at a cheaper price...The Spicy Tuna was very good. We decided to try something new and go with the Houston roll which was good for the first few bites and then just got...weird. Overall; the food was OK but overpriced for the quality.
WTF? I thought for sure I had reviewed this place. Whoops. Ok; I really love Hanny's. Like for real; it's almost creepy. You instantly feel cool as fuck upon walking into this bar. A huge part of that is the AWESOME FUCKING MUSIC playing on Friday's and Saturday's; but the other part is the lighting and interesting layout of the place. It's very unique and almost secretive. There's a weird basement downstairs that you can't get into; then upstairs is where the DJ spins incredible electronic music. There's another upstairs section with a separate bar and dining area; nice little spot to chill. You can overlook the restaurant; make sexual eye contact with the DJ; and flick water onto unsuspecting patrons. What! I have never done that. The bathrooms are kinda weird; at first I struggled on where I was supposed to go and how to open the door. It's even more difficult when you're hammered; but usually there's someone else up there wandering around wondering the same thing. Together; you'll probably figure it out. The drinks are very unique and strong. A good variety to choose from. A tad bit pricey; but it goes with the style of the bar. The food is great too. I've had their sandwiches; salads and pizzas. All were just delicious! I get very excited every time the suggestion of going to Hanny's come up during the weekend. I highly recommend this spot. :)*Side note - only reason for 4 stars instead of the 5 - sometimes the staff can be a little snotty. At least 3 separate times I've had both bartenders and servers act kind of rude. Not anything terrible; especially for a person like me who isn't bothered by much; but just a tinge of an attitude. Eh; maybe it's a coincidence. I've also have several pleasant experiences; clearly. Hopefully it was just a bad day for these folks.
In my early yelping days; I used to believe that a 5 star review for a restaurant; should qualify as a 5 star meal.  As my yelping abilities have matured; however; I have adopted a more holistic method for my reviews.  Ambiance; originality; and service are now major considerations as well.  And albeit a rare occurrence; the service here has earned Hillstone Stewart K.'s coveted 5 stars.Now don't misunderstand the food here is exquisite.  Hillstone stated that it emphasizes local produce to comprise its dishes.  I am all for this; not for environmental reasons (which I couldn't care less about); but rather practicality.  Local food tastes fresher because it generally is.  The Nice salad proved this point as it tasted fresh and green.  You know that new plant taste that food picked fresh from the field has?  This was especially apparent in the walnuts in the salad which had the imbued flavors of the shell still on it (without the crunchiness of course).  Ah; but here is where Hillstone's; or rather its server Becca; exceptional service points come in.  I was unsure of what entree to get here.  I asked our waitress for her recommendations.  I expected the usual spiel about how the server coincidentally thinks that the most expensive item on the menu is the best tasting.  Not so with Becca; she recommended the $28 ribs or even the burger.  Both are items that are on the cheaper end of Hillstone's offerings.  So despite how quickly; and almost artificially; she seemed to be able to rattle off the recommendations; she quickly gained my trust and passed my test.But alas; I had ribs earlier in the day.  I opted for the $35 Hawaiian Ribeye.  It came out cooked perfectly medium rare (red with warm center); but a tad sweeter than I had imagined since it was glazed in something akin to pineapple something or other.  When Becca came by the table and asked; How is your meal?  I answered exactly as I mentioned above.  I guess my Northeastern bluntness may come across as a bit brash around these parts; but I was being honest and I did say that I enjoyed my meal.  But Becca seemed concerned though; like it was her mission to right some great injustice that Hillstone's chef committed against me.  Again; I assured her the steak was good.  So I rounded off my meal with the brownie in a cream sauce that was good enough to drink but decadent enough to make me sick and a coffee.    So throughout my experience here; my waitress thoroughly explained each menu item from the Lux coffee (a local coffee roaster) to practically every entree on the menu; with an patience and positive attitude that I'm frankly just not used to back home.  In addition; at no point did my  water or coffee ever reach empty nor ever leave my table for want of anything...but here was the real gem for the evening.  Despite my fleeting; obtuse comment about the ribeye being too sweet; she removed it from the bill!  I assured Becca that I was genuinely satisfied with the meal; but she stopped me and replied; I want you to be completely satisfied with your experience here.  Then she said something to the effect that if I wasn't completely satisfied; I ought not pay. ....NOW THIS IS THE KIND OF SERVICE THAT TRULY DEMONSTRATES GOING ABOVE AND BEYOND FOR THE CUSTOMER.  So what I would consider about a 3.5 to 4 star meal; has become a 5 star experience.  If I am in the area in the future; I will return and would hope that this level of dedication to customer satisfaction is adhered to by all at Hillstone.
OMG! Pizza heaven. I just had my first pizza here and it has jumped to the top of my list. Similar style to Pomo or Bianco but something about this one....crust was just perfect. Toppings not overly done so you can taste each ingredient. Friendly staff and a nice ; cozy setting. Will be back soon! Joanna ; I love you .....
My mistake!!! I thought it was a good idea to swing by this Filiberto's and grab some Super Nachos.... something quick and easy! The whole visit wasn't quick or easy and the food was meh..... after having to wait 20 minutes in the drive through I was HANGRY!!! Who has to wait 20 minutes in a drive through for food; the point of a drive through is to get your food quick and easy! This Filiberto's definitely doesn't believe in quick.After becoming quite hangry I finally got my food and drove all the way home. When I got home; my food was cold! Are you kidding me!? We live in AZ no way on my drive home did my food get cold; it was already cold when they gave it to me. The meat was very dry and tasteless! Needless to say I ended up wasting 20 minutes of my time getting my food and ended up throwing it away and cooking something at home! Lets get it together Filibertos!!
What a great find!!! It's not about the appearance on the outside but what is definitely good on the inside.The rating on this restaurant is solely on their Mexican breakfast.  My guest & I had very delicious meals (machaca; chilaquiles & huevos / chorizo ruevueltos & huevos).  Everything was cooked perfectly and nothing was saturated with grease.  The pricing was expected for the great quality & preparation of the food.    Friendly service.Nice ambience. Excellent food.
The Decor is NICE ; staff was nice and attentive. Food is amazing . This is one of my favorite Resturant .
Good sushi but I found a small cockroach in my wonton soup...   and what did I get for my troubles???    A 10% coupon off the clippers magazine!           I paid and left the stupid coupon on the table...
***WARNING*** Do not use this service facility!  I brought my 99 Chevy Truck to Bud's Service center with a rough running engine.  Bud; the owner; told me I needed a tune-up.  Of course; I am not a mechanic; I told him if that would fix the problem then proceed.  Bud obliged.  I paid him $403.00 for new spark plugs and a fuel injection service.  Unfortunately; Bud is incompetent and gapped the spark plugs .020 more than Chevrolet recommends.  To add insult to injury; the fuel injectors in my vehicle do not require a flush as I found out when I got a second opinion.  I was provided with a bulletin from GM verifying such.  Bud insisted GM stole the technology from him and that the fuel injection service was warranted.  Needless to say; my truck was still running rough the next day.  I called Bud and told him of the same rough runing engine and he told me to come back in and he would take care of it.  So; for the second time; I drove 10 miles to his shop with my girlfriend following me to drop off the vehicle.  The next day Bud called me and told me I needed a new intake manifold gasket.  I was skeptical but told him if it would fix the problem; proceed.  He obliged.  I paid him $500 for the repair.  As I drove away from his facility; the engine was still running rough.  I called him again and he told me to come back in and he would take care of it.  Fearing another $400 or $500 bill from Bud; I took it to a reputable repair shop; Precision Auto in Glendale; AZ.  It was during the second opinion I found out about the improper spark plug gap and unnecessary fuel injection service recommendation from GM.  Precision Auto replaced one spark plug and I drove the vehicle home.  I called Bud and told him about the improper gap and he admitted to not being aware of the proper gap from a GM bulletin.  As I have already lost all confidence in Bud's Service Center; I brought the vehicle to Chapman Chevrolet for a full evaluation.  The cost of the evaluation was nearly $300 and they confirmed the spark plugs were gapped incorrectly by Bud's Service Center.  They also told me the problem was the aftermarket fuel injector module previously installed.  I paid them another $200 for the repair to bring the vehicle back to stock.  Upon confronting Bud; the owner; of the situation; he became very defensive and told me to never come back to his facility.  Of course; I would not but the problem is that even with acknowledgement of an error; Bud was unwilling to remedy the situion.  At this time I am disputing the charges with my credit card company and am prepared to file a lawsuit against Bud's Service Center in Justice Court.  DO NOT BRING YOUR VEHICLE TO BUD'S SERVICE CENTER.  THEY ARE INCOMPETENT AND UNPROFESSIONAL. For proof of the above; email joewool71@gmail.com.  Paperwork never lies and if you want to see proof; I have it.
This review is for the step classes on Wed nights and Sat mornings only. Jody is a great step instructor. The class is not your basic; boring step class. She uses the same moves; but in different orders each time; and also adds new moves to the mix each time; as well. Her class kind of reminds me of dance drills or marching band--it's not a bunch of boring 8 on this side--8 on the other side--now 4--now other side; 4--now 2---now 2 on other side--now alternate--- etc.  If you used to like step but think it's sooo out now; give this class a try. It's much different than step of yesteryear; and you may be pleasantly surprised. She even mixed it up one week and gave us a sort-of step bootcamp; where we did step things for our cardio; and used weights in between for a dual workout.
Worst service ever!  11 minutes to get my order inside with only 2 people in  front of me.  They pay attention to the drive through only; and that too looks slow. Dont go here!  They are rude too!
Food here was okSalad bar has good variety.  Service here sucks.  Salad bar was missing several items.  Several people complained and amongst the 3+ servers; they couldn't fill the missing items on a weekend at 7PM.
I've been to quite a few Indian buffets around the world in my lifetime.  I am being a little generous when I am giving this one three stars.The selection is quite basic: saag; tandoori chicken; a dal curry; chicken masala; and some other options which probably aren't worth mentioning.  The Naan came a bit late and a choice between butter and garlic wasn't offered.The table settings were basic; with an attempt to be on the formal side but with napkins with shredded edges; a darkish interior; and diner-style booths.Overall; it was decent and the price was reasonable (I want to say that it was about $8/ person); but I'd only return if I were in the mood for Indian and in the immediate area.
Five star property in a five star location. Oh; you'll pay for it; but it is worth it. The holiday touches were perfect... Lights; musical tree; and ice skating all made this place feel like a winter wonderland! Bring on the Phoenix Open in a month; and then spring break... The Princess is ready!
Chicken Tacos are my FAV. So DELISH that I crave these tacos!!!
The most amazing chaat I have had in a long time. Go for aloo tikki and samosa chat!
Great for after pita jungle. Just what this plaza needed. Lots of flavors and clean!
Just as delicious as Tandoori II; but way fancier! We went on a Friday night and if we had been blindfolded in the way over I would have sworn we were in Scottsdale. The food was awesome; the building beautiful and the patio with firepits and heaters and hookahs are a great addition to the ambiance. If you have not tried Indian food before; this is the place to do so. The tikka masala and naan and fragrant rice are all great beginner dishes. The only reason I am not giving 5 stars is the service was pretty damn slow making us miss happy hour specials. I will say though; the belly dancer and music were rad but it made some of our party feel awkward as we didn't know if we were supposed to stop our conversation to watch and tip. All in all; this is a great place.
The Thai curry wings were good and very large but everything else was standard bar style food. Pullanos wings are better and worth the extra few miles to drive for.
I'm sad to report; I had to come back to Harvil's :(I still trust them and their work; and am happy to know that I have found a place that can assist me in these awful situations at a reasonable price!Thanks again guys !
I came here for March Fourth Marching Band. The boyfriend gave it 3.5 but any place that serves hard cider is a winner. The venue has good music and nice bleachers (although it is hard to see if you are on the first two levels). Lively crowd on a Friday; serves food; two bathroom options; and indoor/outdoor bar/eats outside the venue. Hipster vibe.
Awesome boutique. Fairly inexpensive. I love love their pumpkin spice soy candles and all their incense make my apartment smell so good! Cute clothes and very friendly associates. Many of the surrounding stores aren't very nice so they were a breath of fresh air
Great place; but constantly up sells washes!
Even if you had reservations for a week in advance and your table is 45 minutes late never ask for a single thing at Binkleys. The owner will cuss you out not serve you and kick you out while still making you pay 280 for small plates of food. Last time I checked at the 4-5 star restaurants I have frequented in Paris; Chicago; DC; Dublin; Rome; London; New York; San Francisco; Los Angeles; Barcelona; and Madrid this would be considered abusive and slanderous . What a shame that a man has to treat customers like this. You never know who you are serving and word of mouth spreads fast among high power doctors and business people. Mr Binkley let me know when you get your Michelin rating because I'm sure that will never happen as superior customer service is a main requirement.
My wife and I went here based on the recommendation of the housekeeper at our hotel on a Friday night.No reservation so we were asked to wait for 20 minutes.   No problem..walked over to the bar and a margaritas later we were ready to be seated.   Got a seat adjacent to the bar and the bartender waited on us.   She did a great job too.The margaritas were very good -- nice and tart and didn't skimp on the booze.   The salsa and chips was very tasty.   The chips are thick and crunchy and nicely salted.  The salsa is smoky and thick and has nice bite.   We also ordered some guacamole and boy that was delicious!    You get a huge portion.  Very fresh too.  We could have made a meal of that alone.For entrees I had the shrimp fajitas which I really enjoyed.    They came with corn tortillas and black beans (very good too).   The shrimp were plump and in a spicy sauce.   I liked everything about this meal.My wife had the fish tacos though and came away disapointed.  Average was her description.    She did love though the flan / fruit she had for dessert.The servers did a great job too.    We would definitely eat here again.
I came here looking to try some new vegan options in my life. Thinking at the very least it would help my hangover. What i found was more than i could have imagined.A unique venue with two buildings one housing a cafe-esque ordering are and the other the kitchen with enclosed dinning that allows just enough of the outside in to be pleasant. The staff was courteous and attentive. The options numerous and bounding with eccentric platters. Moving along; the important thing here is FOOD people ; and it was amazing. While most things seem to mimic meat dishes with chorizo and eggs on the menu; Nami pulls of these imitations by making insanely more delicious vegan plates.I was blown away by my Chicken wings the sauce was unlike anything i have had before and i was instantly in love. My OJ based concoction was also amazing as it had some kind of red syrup in the bottom that complimented the not too sweet OJ. Street pedestrians are not disruptive to your dinning experience and provides ample opportunity to people watch. All in all this place is a must go location if your trying for a healthy; creative; and delicious meal in Phoenix.
Gigi's has focused it's efforts on only the superficial.  Their marketing materials (signage; brochures; packaging; etc.) are slick and glossy.  That's appropriate for this type of business; but what about focusing on the core if what it's supposed to do --- making great cupcakes?  And having a wide selection from which to choose?On the Sunday afternoon I stopped in; there where six cupcakes.  Not six varieties; but six ACTUAL cupcakes!  I can understand the need to avoid waste and shrinkage; but six???  They're made of flour and water!!!  How much can it cost to keep a variety on hand?In terms of the product; the cake was just average and the frosting was too thick and sweet.  The good news?  It was pretty to look at and well-packaged.
I will write this for both the Camelback location and the one in Central Scottsdale.  If you're looking for a fun happy hour party (both regular and late-night); do the Camelback location in Old Town.  It's much more lively; there's a pool table; there's an awesome outdoor patio; there's a shuffleboard table; and the waitresses are awesome.  If you want something more for watching Sports and relaxing a bit; the Central Scottsdale location is the one for you.  Both are great.  Great food; great drinks; great service.
Small parking area. Sort trails. Good for dogs
Oh my gosh...the crepes...THE CREPES!!!Look for a small dilapidated shack with letters that look like broken neon; and you've found it. But for every ounce of wear and tear and hipster flair this place has; you will rack up an additional value in TASTE.  Plus; this deliciousity is available 24/7; one of the few late-night options downtown.Grab a menu off of the door (no it's not closed; you have to put some FORCE into opening that front door--but be careful in case someone is standing on the other side) and get in line.  You can sit up at the counter or just walk right up to the counter.Order your crepes by their numbers--if you're picky; this staff will actually create a new combo for you.  Too cool not to have the latest tech? Log into square and say [Insert name here] is ready to pay and they'll send you your ticket to pay; sign; and tip from the comfort of your phone.  $7 will get you a delicious brunch-sized crepe and $2-3 will get you the fanciest coffee you want with 4 varieties of super-trendy healthy sweeteners at the bar.If you want to sit down; head to one of the cozy tables by the windows or farther back by the piano. Don't piss off a local by taking an outlet-facing table unless you have to.  The staff is really good surprisingly about remembering names/faces; so my food almost always gets to me quickly.Not in the mood for random screenplay writing or local music?  Ask for your order to go; but remember to specify if you want a box; because the crepes are traditionally loaded in individual cups and then in a cupholder for easy portability.Are you there on the weekend?  Then why are you complaining about waiting 15 minutes?  These are custom made crepes!  Enjoy the local art posted around the place; or sit outside in the sunshine until your order is done. You'll forgive them their slowness by the time your first bite is in your mouth.
I grew up in Texas and love coming here for the brisket and the chicken fried steak.  The catfish is also worth getting.  Very friendly service. The table is loaded with all sorts of hot sauces and condiments to add some kick to your meal.  Parking is poor if not awful and the lighting inside is rather dim.  Ask for a seat to the left when you walk in by the lamp and beer signs.
I do a lot of costume work on cars and boats and mainly shopped at this establishment because it was on the way home. Almost every time I purchased something on sale it never rang up correctly at the front desk. And the only reason I know this is because I would only buy something that was on sale. Their prices are extremely inflated! It was not surprising to pay 5x as much for an item. I have no clue how this place is still in business. Maybe there are enough people that don't care about value to keep this place going.
I was really craving burgers; fries and a shake... After watching a movie with the fam; my Sis said I needed to try smashburger.   She knows I really like In and Out; Culver's and Five guys.  I ordered the Arizona; the Hubby had the American; the kids had bacon cheese burgers.  The customer service was wonderful; the girl who took our order really knew how to be helpful; fun and super nice!  As far as the food; it was good.  There isn't anything wrong with it at all.  I could taste the quality beef in the burger; the toppings were very good; the bun was good.  But it was good; not great.  I would chose a Five Guys burger over smash; I would chose a Culver's burger over it; I would even chose an In and Out burger over it.  Especially because the fries were not good; and the shake (yeah; how can you go wrong with a shake) wasn't very good either.  I will go back to try the chicken sometime; but if I want a burger; there are other places I would rather go...
Whataburger is about as good as fast food burger quality gets. Freshly made when you order (which does slow down the fast a little). I personally NEED a Whataburger with cheese; bacon and jalapenos about once a month. I wish they stuck with the spicy ketchup.
Just an egg and cheese breakfast burrito; came with random grills scraps.  Just nasty.  Egg tasted like it was cooked with engine oil.
it was the wife's happy hour social time for her birthday. and we kind of figured we'd try Mill Ave since school was not in session and we'd have less college kids to deal with. besides; we'd always wanted to try Canteen. the 3 stars reflect primarily service; not food. off the happy hour menu; i ordered the portobello mushroom tacos. they come in 3's. i was impressed as they were very well done. the wife had the grilled fish tacos and she said they were very tasty. we also ordered the chips and pico de gallo. the chips were warm; thin; crispy....very good. the patron silver tequila was tasty and smooth. the house margarita....also very tasty; not too sweet like many pre-mixes. i ordered another tequila; but was brought a patron anejo (i did not order that one)...i did not enjoy it but our dinner companions did.our server was not mean. she was actually very friendly but just not prompt. they failed the water glass miserably. i asked 3 times for water; and finally had to go to the bar myself to have more water. later; another server asked if we needed anything and we all said more water and it just never showed up. anytime our server asked if we needed anything; she didn't stick around long enough to wait for me to swallow the mouthful of food i was chewing on. one of the tequila's i ordered was the wrong one; and our dinner companion had to ask 3 times for a tequila he ordered.also; as we were seated next to the patio door; we asked if the door could be closed since it was cold. our server said no; something about fire code. however; when another party sitting behind us asked their server; she said sure and closed the door. anyhoo....but probably the funniest was when we asked our server about the chile rellenos happy hour item. she didn't know what they were and pronounced it phonectically (sounding out the double L). i just assumed you should know a little more about the product you are selling. we will probably come back because the food and tequila's were good and the happy prices were reasonable. maybe we'll get a different server next time.
Studio Movie Grill took the last standard slope cinema complex built in America (when the AMC Grand had introduced stadium seating) and turned it into a true winner. The staff is always buzzing around and the food is actually decent for a cinema! Get the seats with swing arm trays.
Is it wrong that buffets to make you more dispondant/angry as you eat?I've only had to leave in the middle of a buffet one time before I was full becaues of seriously bad food; and this was number 2.. The food was practically flavourless - the Honey chicken tasted as though they took Spaghetti-O sauce and some sugar mixed in and called it a sauce; so much other food was completely void of any flavour.. The only halfway decent food was the chow mein..Even the service was lacking - no one asked how the food was or if there was anything I needed.. The cashier barely muttered the amount I was due and that was it..You're much better off at other places..!
The only knock I have on this course is that it is a bit pricey (which is a common complain of mine). But overall this was a great course and a great experience.We played in late December so there was a frost delay but once we got off it was sunny and not very cold. The group in front of us was playing a bit slow from the outset and by the third hole the ranger was on them to speed up (which they did).Course is playable for many skill levels. My group played the tips and are above average golfers and we enjoyed our experience a lot. It was not an overly challenging course but still required skill. Very professionally run course with 3 separate nines (we played Ironhead and Acacia). Course was in good shape and greens rolled true. Only additional complaint would be that the restaurant was under construction and not open for another month or so and when we went to the only other shop which had food they were out of some different beers and other items (which they had on display and made it seem like they did have them available).I would return.
2 words- Naco torta. You won't be disappointed. Get the guac too. The citrus is a nice touch. If you're really lucky they'll have shrimp and grits as a special. Run; don't walk if they do. Throw in a fresca and call it a day.
The Sugar Bowl is a Scottsdale tradition; a sort of ice cream parlor/dessert diner which; according to the Family Circus cartoons framed on the wall and the delicate pink chairs and plush pink round booths; is a place for daddy to take his little girl.  The pink framed arcade in the back room has air hockey; skee-ball; and everything nice.  I may be more Amelia Bedelia/Mary Poppins in age than Jane and Michael Banks; but I still go crazy for ice cream; as well as beautifully illustrated 60s influenced napkins and late 50s influenced parlors.  The young dude that waited on my table was courteous and didn't respond to my super hard to read blandishment attempts (plus Scottsdale is stocked with titillating women to the average heterosexual man) or mind that I was the only one getting something.  I tried the Mocha Chocolate shake which was rich; flavorful; and seemingly made with care or at least higher quality ice cream than the milk shake I'm used to.  It was a worthy experience in Scottsdale; but it was not fancy schmancy.
Good place for a greasy burger.  It's loud; loud music and loud kitchen but it works.  Good atmosphere!
I heard this place was a welcomed return to the  neighborhood so my wife and I checked it out last Saturday night; we were so happy that we did. We started with a suggested appetizer and a nice glass of red wine. The appetizer was delicious; a great selection of cheese; meats and some grilled artichokes. The menu offered classic Italian homemade pastas and how could I resist; even our waiter was Italian. We were both too stuffed for dessert but we will be back to try some.
Renegade has gone under new management since my last review; and the quality of their food is not as good. My family does not go to our local spot any more because of too many mediocre dishes for a steep price.
Everything here was great and somewhat Innovative. Excellent pâté; cheese and cocktails. Desserts were the big surprise. I had the peanut butter cup and my daughter had the  caramel pudding. Two of the best desserts ever. Server was extremely helpful and patient with our questions. Will return.
I been going to Lims for more than 7 years. Their food is delicious. They have the best fries;orange chicken;rice; crab puffs and chicken wings In town. It's also super affordable and the waitresses are always super nice . I highly recommend to take your family here .
Good service; very tasty meat dish appetizer. Noodle dishes are made of fresh noodles and plentiful.
one of our favorite burger places; dont forget the bread pudding and fries
Wow! I'll keep it simple. This small homey Mexican restaurant has the best service I have ever experienced. The best mexican food ever! Everything is made from scratch; the flavors burst in your mouth and everything comes out piping hot! Order the Baja chicken burrito or the patio chimi!The salsa is amazing; ask for the hot stuff....so good! Order the maragarita or ice cold can of tecate!Oh and every time I have been out waiter brings us a complimentary shot from the bar! Take your friends and family here; you'll never go anywhere else.
An amazing holiday event that is a must visit each year.  It's also a wonderful event to take out of towners or to give as a gift.  The Luminarias is an adult holiday extravaganza!  This event includes 11 bands from swing to carolers.  My favorites were the Travelers who not only played incredible music but put on a good show; Chris Burton Jacome; Spanish Guitarist; who put on such an incredible beautiful and relaxing show and the Carolers who made you feel that Christmas had arrived.  This whole thing is set up in such a beautiful location with hand lit luminarias.   The garden had stunning sculptures pepped throughout by Carolina Escobar (changing exhibition) and Chihuly in the entry to the garden.  To boot there are plenty of bars serving wine; hot toddies and hot chocolate for the kiddies.  In addition; you can purchase meal tickets to their buffet which never lets down on a good meal where you can meet and chat with great people.All in all; it's a MUST visit with family and friends.  It always provides a wonderful evening.
This place just opened last week and apparently they didn't do any advertising and just did a soft opening.  I came in for a manicure with gelish nail polish.  The place is hip and fresh and new - of course; since it just opened.  The service is nice; it's still too new to judge anything; but I think it will do well.  It's been a week and my gelish nail polish is chip-free! They currently have a 50% off special right now but not sure how long it will last. Check it out.
So after reading other reviews I have to agree about one thing.  The service is not good and actually it is quite strange!  Our waiter seemed so casual and on another planet.  He looked totally bored and acted cool.  It was upsetting because the food is expensive and I think we would have enjoyed lunch more if our server wasn't so weird.  Both my husband and I left really disappointed.  I would not recommend North.
Dined last night at Capital Grille. This is another go to place for business dinners.Notes: Sat in the bar for a glass of wine before dinner. I asked bartender to open something fresh. He was more than happy to comply. The bottle was still at room temperature; which in Phoenix generally means too warm. Places of this caliber should serve red wines at the right temp!Capital Grille; like a lot of high-end steak houses in the Phoenix area; seem to have run off their highly experienced professional wait staff over the past couple of years. I'm sure this saves the business a few dollars in overhead; but I miss the ambiance created by highly trained waiters. Nevertheless; our server was anxious to please. (The busboy was clueless.)I order the steak au poivre. It was excellent. Better than I recall from the last visit.Drank a 2006 Col Solare with dinner. Special price at $100 per bottle. This was a great deal for this wine.
Great find in the Arrowhead area!  Prices are very affordable and fresh sushi is always around you. First time at a revolving sushi bar and it was a fun experience. Didn't have to wait for food; just picked it right off of the conveyer belt. Staff was extremely courteous.  Will definitely be back :)
My sister-in-laws haven't stopped talking about how we needed to try Postinos.  It turns out they couldn't have been more right.  We got to the restaurant just shy of 5:00 with the Happy Hour soon ending.  We ordered 2 bottles of wine at the Happy Hour price which served our party of 5 well for the rest of the evening.  We sat outside in a very nice booth.  The hostess rolled an outdoor heater over close enough to the table to take the rare chill out of the air; but not so close to be too hot.  We ordered 3 rounds of the bruschetta (at 4 toppings per round).  The traditional mozzarella and basil was as good as it is anywhere (how can you mess up this combo?).  What was pleasantly surprising were the many other bruschetta combinations.  The burrata; bacon; arugula; and tomatoes combo was a repeat order and we probably should have ordered 2 at a time.  It was hard to feed all 5 with 4 sections of bruschetta.  The salami and pesto was also a favorite and ordered twice.  We will definitely be going back.
You can't put lipstick on a pig to make her pretty. Same goes for this Walmart. It might have been remodeled but the people they employ has not changed. What a bunch of slackers! My son and I stood at the bakery for a good 10 mins while the ladies working there were looking through a book. I said; excuse me several times but was ignored. We finally gave up.Went to the electronics department looking for printer ink and was completely ignored. I was told by several associates they would be right back....never came back.Made my way over to the clearance on Christmas paper etc.. It was busy (duh!); but there were associates pushing through people to stock merchandise on the shelves. I get they need to restock; but the shelves were full! Not to mention packed with people. Then they would sit there and huff and puff that they couldn't get their job done. Finally get to the register (there were 3 open; the day after xmas). Was able to pay fairly quickly considering the cashier was also a manager that was getting called away every 5 seconds.I HATE this Walmart and I would rather pay double somewhere else.
Update: Owner contacted me concerned about our recent experience with MWC. She handled the issue with grace and sincerity. She has invited us back and is confident we will have a good time- which I'm sure she's right. Upgrading the score to 3 stars for now- with potential to go higher. I'm happy to see good customer service still lies on!This is more of a eulogy than a review of sorts.My wife and I arrived shortly after the 4p opening on a Saturday- preparing to enjoy a few glasses of wine and take advantage of the happy hour apps. We've been going to MWC for years; but new ownership has really taken this spot for a turn in the wrong direction. When we entered Lucy's the place was practically empty- maybe 4-5 people in total sitting on one far end of the restaurant. A woman at the bar immediately asked us if we were part of the wine club; which we replied no. She said we could seat ourselves - but as we walked around the small interior to find a place to sit- we kept getting updates that the spot was reserved. Basically; when we were done walking the entire perimeter; there was no place to sit! I guess only the bar- but my wife and I really wanted a spall; quiet space to have a nice conversation and enjoy our wine (it was a rare date night without our 22-month old). WIthout any help from the staff- we simply shrugged our shoulders; gave up and walked out of the place. As we were getting back into the car; a few questions came to mind. Why didn't that person offer a place for us to sit- you know; give some help? There was no clear indication which seats or areas were reserved for their wine club. It was confusing and shouldn't have been since the place was empty! The patio; while preferred; wasn't am option this night as it was rainy and cold. This was a huge disappointment for both of us; and we walked away extremely dissatisfied. With a place that seems to be needing business; why would they treat potential customers this way. Instead we went to Vintage 95 in Old Town Chandler and spent $100 there. We will likely never return to MWC again; and take our money and business elsewhere. With wine bars cropping up on seemingly every corner; it's pretty easy to find alternatives nowadays. Oh well; such a shame though. We've been to Lucy's dozens of time in the past (under different ownership) and always enjoyed ourselves. Never again I guess.
If I could have given less than one star I would have.  I live in Michigan and attempted to purchase a gift certificate for my sister in Arizona.  I have visited Blue Wasabi many times and was a huge fan; but due to this last experience I will never return!  I ordered a $50 gift card over the phone well over 2 weeks ago to be mailed to Michigan so I could send it as a Christmas gift.  My credit card was charged that very same day but the card still has not arrived.  I have called the restaurant several times; and even spoken to the owner who replied with the phrase Well; I don't know what you want me to tell you.  We don't keep records of sales like this; so hopefully you'll get it.  I was appalled that the owner of a business would be so rude and not care about someone spending money at his restaurant.  I have since filed fraudulent credit card charges with my credit card company so I wont have to pay for for this gift card that will never be arriving.  I will gladly be taking my business elsewhere; where I am treated with respect and I suggest you do the same!
Neat little spot - we were too cheap for the tour and most of the items inside the shop. But everything is super nice & authentic. We probably would have bought more gifts there if it wasnt so spendy..
great homestyle cooking with fantastic pie.
This is not only the very best Yelp Elite Party I have been to. This is the best Party I have been to.It was beyond great from the min.we walked in!Linsdey you have done it again. another amazing night.It was a really beautiful setting ;all the managers and staff were friendly and really cared that you have a great time.The food was very Italian style;served plate after plate.The wine never stopped ;so many types to choose from and samples of what ever sort you would like.We wore fun hats to kick of the festivies and had a great White Elephant gift exchange. Lots of fun and good times with other Elites as well. The food and entire experiance at Tanzy in unforgetable. Really a great evening.Even gift bags from yelp and gift bags from Tanzy; 2 free movie tickets.They own the ipic movie theatre located right next door. We are really looking forward to going here as well.
Best sushi we've ever had. We ordered a ton of food all was out of this world. Jamie was our server and she was fantastic. She helped make it a really fun night. It was a very busy and loud and vibrant atmosphere. Had a wonderful experience and we cannot wait to come back!
The Arizona Burrito is amazing!
Had a great time at this place! Great food and great proportions. Super nachos couldnt get any more super! Love their new hot sauce and man is it spicy!
This place is unbeatable if you are looking for the BEST street tacos in Phoenix plus amazing quesadillas; tostadas; huaraches and sopas and you aren't concerned with ambiance (the restaurant is comfortable but very basic). Everything is hot; fresh and delicious and they don't skip on the extras. We have eaten there a couple of times recently and; along with our meal; they brought fresh chips and salsa (decious but hot- not for the mild salsa lover); a plate of limes; fresh cilantro; cucumbers and radishes plus another plate with grilled chilis and cactus paddles. Highly recommended!
In general; love the Body Shop's body butters. This location is much cleaner and friendlier than the other location in town.
I think this place is way too overpriced and their food was not as amazing as the hype surrounding it. I went for AZ Restaurant week on a double date; the food was supposed to be affordable. Even after splitting it with my girlfriend and getting a drink a piece; we had to drop over a hundred dollars.
LOVE this place. A great choice for beer lovers.
AWESOME! Arizona Joes broasted chicken is back and better than ever; often imitated never duplicated.
EVERYTHING I have had here is amazing. I'm just going to make this review short and sweet. GO THERE. It's worth the wait. Always busy; but fun atmosphere and you will love the appetizers; entrees and desserts. AND the drinks. Only place I will make the drive to from Gilbert. I heard people travel from different states to come here! I get it now! ;)
Awesome Italian food; and I know what Italian food should taste like. They're part Sicilian; and I enjoy their Sicilian dishes. Took my gal there some time ago; and they put on some drinks on the house for her b-day; no charge. The owners are on hand; and I can tell you he makes delicious gelato and spumoni; good old Italian recipe. The service is closer to impeccable than the Phoenician; and vastly superior to the Hyatt or Hilton. Come to think of it; if you're into being pampered; they'll do it for you. Forgot to mention; don't go there if you're looking for much intimacy; as the place is so packed with tables and chairs; you may have to take to flying to navigate. Sardines get to have more room than that place does. I recommend getting reservations; unless you want to watch others eat while waiting for a table to open. Make sure you fill your wallet before you make the drive; this place isn't cheap; but definitely worth the while for that special occasion. Wish other 'Italian' places in the Valley would take a moment and bring a notebook to figure out what 'Italian food' really means. If you're looking for the genuine article; look no further!
I'm still a big fan of the mac n cheese. Quite possibly the best in the Valley! Cheesy enough that you may have to twirl your fork when you grab a bite of the tangy; creamy goodness! I like the batter on the fish and chips but found the fish to on the tough side -- not my favorite.
Beer was decent and pizza was pretty good. My only advice is to let the pizza sit for a minute as the topping tend to fall off when the pizza just comes out. I enjoyed the DIPA; which was good but didn't get a chance to try the brown.
I like this place for the decor and seating set up. There were high tables; lounge tables; couches; indoor/outdoor; etc; and the indoor pergola was kind of cool. The happy hour menu is pretty good too. M-F 4-6:30 they offer drink and app specials; as well as deals on their tacos. I sampled some of their tequilas; which you can order various ways: as a shot; in a snifter glass; over rocks; etc. We also tried the grilled fish tacos and mushroom tacos were very good and you get three for around $7.50. We even checked in on yelp (aw yeah) and got 4 penny shots (there were four of us) of the featured shot-which was sex on the beach. My negatives were more service based. Our server made an error on one of our drinks; forgot to bring another drink entirely and failed the water test miserably. We not only asked her for more water; but another staff member who came by and checked on us. Both of them never returned with any water so we had to go to the bar and get it ourselves!
I have been to Mastro's before; but had one of my BEST dining experiences EVER last night!  Estery was out server and she was amazing!  Food is amazing; as always and it was great to have a server who was as informed as she was.  And plenty of food lest over to enjoy it all again today
I love this place! I've been here multiple times before; but there was a big drought between the first couple of times I was here and the most recent times I did go there. This hits all my buttons- chic; urban decor; excellent; unique; seasonal food; friendly wait staff and reasonable prices. This place is known for their pizzas. They do a great thin crust; and have well mastered even the basics like margherita (absolutely delicious). They also have cooler; more uncommon options for those of y'all who are like me; and are addicted to the new and the different. I've had the Funghi (sucker for mushrooms and truffle oil); the Speck (ricotta; olive tapenade and speck) and the Yukon (potatoes! On a pizza! Too cool!); all of which are great. And this is across 3 or so years; since as mentioned I went there a few times a couple of years ago and then just recently twice in a short span of time. So they're very consistent in their quality as well. I've only just recently tried their pasta. And lamented why; oh why did I wait so long?! The one that truly wowed me was their seasonal item; the vegetable gnudi. It had soft; fluffy; quarter sized gnudi/gnocchi; swimming in this incredible sweet potato and squash broth; that had brussel sprouts and a couple of other vegetables that I can't remember. I wasn't entirely keen on getting it- after all; their version of the carbonara sounded so much more tempting! But I'm working on losing weight and so went for the healthier option. And O.M.G. It's sad they don't have this all year around; because both me and my husband were blown away. This was sweet and savory and silky and rich; and had just enough gnudi in there to really fill you up. No sharing this puppy; no sirree. (Well; maybe with the husband; but I love him and he's paying for my meal.) Their appetizers also are pretty great. I've had the Arancine; which are deep fried risotto balls. They're really awesome; crispy and rich all at the same time. And their roasted brussel sprouts were to die for. It had bacon and caramelized onions and I practically inhaled it all.Cocktails are great too. I wish I could remember what I got; but I'm looking at the menu now and I'm positive it's not on there; so the cocktail menu is seasonal and does change; which is awesome. They're very unique combinations; and if you're stumped just ask the wait staff. They haven't steered me wrong yet. So yeah; the food is great. Couple of cons- Parking. It's iffy. I would say bring a bit of cash and be prepared to take advantage of the complimentary valet. It's better than attempting to find a spot; failing; and having to go back and try to navigate the Camelback Rd traffic. The place is also a bit hard to find. If you're coming from the west; always watch out for the Data Doctor's sign. Then get into the turn lane right away! It's riiiiight after that. They also don't take reservations. I've not had a huge issue; but for truly enormous groups it can be a bit of a pain. Fairly minor though; considering how great this place is. Definitely on the rotation of places I love to go to.
Gelato was the best here.  One man doing it all when we were here.  It's really in a nice area.  Will definitely return when I'm in the area.  Mmm;  salty caramel flavor.
Amazing food. My husband and I ordered a pizza; it was completely fresh and all homemade. The owner Sal came out and personally greeted us and was more than willing to answer any questions. The pride Sal has for his restaurant is evident through the quality of the food; friendliness of the service; and cleanliness of the restaurant. The restaurant is casual enough that you can grab a quick bite in jeans and a tee shirt but good enough you feel like you are eating at a black tie restaurant. It's a refreshing change from the traditional bland food you get at chain restaurants. Will be back with friends!
I first learned of this 'hole in the wall' fabulous gem when I was taken by the hand there by a former love last winter.  I hadn't been back until a few weeks ago and I am still in love with the YUMMY YUM YUM YUM food and smoothies they whip up.  While dining there they make me feel like a Goddess and will act as your 'date' if you go in solo or with another girlfriend.  It doesn't hurt to have amazing company and laughter while you dive into your California Club and inhale your Breakfast Buzz!  The oatmeal is something amazing and everything is simply tasty!The price is nice and is someplace I would take the snobbiest Scottsdalelight for a pleasant surprise and an amazing meal.  The portions are sharable if you are watching your wallet or waistline!
I went here tonight since I was seeing a movie and thought it would be nice to grab something close to the theaters... I ordered a slice of pizza and my husband ordered a calzone - they brought my pizza out 15 minutes before my husbands food was done; so of course my pizza was cold by the time I started eating. The waitresses were nice enough but clearly need some training. On top of my pizza being cold; it kind of tasted like puke. We will not be coming back! I'm disappointed; I was so hoping to like this place since I come to the AMC by it so often! Do yourself a favor and skip this place; Pita Jungle is a few stores down and has much better food (I even like their pita pizzas better)!
Amazing sandwiches. If you are ever craving some Thanksgiving loving; theres a perfect sandwich you! Pretty much T-giving in the palm of your hands; its the one and only Bobbie! Thy are also super fast; friendly; and the place is really clean.
I found them to very helpful;when researching classes on CCW and firearm ownershipin Arizona. They were very knowledgable when taking the Arizona CCW class; I was impressed on how they took the time to educate others in the class whom weren't as skilled in handling a concealed weapon; the state I came from has a plastic stamp policy when permitting someone to carry a concealed weapon. So I am very pleased to have had the opportunity to take my CCW class from Ken and have returned to buy several firearms at a later date from Guns Plus. My wife is enrolled in the spring class for her CCW and is very excited to own and carry her New Kimber Ultra Carry. Sometimes its like my dad always told me some people would complain if they got hung with a new rope; Guns Plus is a great place to do business.Bill H. Sun City West; AZ.
Some family members were in AZ for the week and on their last night we had a large group meet for dinner at this Carraba's. My boyfriend; Sister; and myself were the first to arrive and told the hostess we would have a group of 8 and she sat us at a large table in the bar section. We had a lot of room because the area was pretty empty; but the table was very high and the chairs we so awkward to move because they were all squeezed in next to the others; plus no space at all for purses so I had to put mine on the ground under my feet; sad face! I was smiling when I saw it was still happy hour and all drinks were half off. After a vodka cran with lime I was ready to check out the menu. There were a few apps also half off so we ordered some bacon onion flatbread to munch on while we waited for the rest of our party. Time passed and everyone arrived; but not our flatbread. Our friends and family ordered some calamari; and another flatbread. A few minutes later their calamari came out; still no flatbread! I asked and finally another waitress came out carrying it. It was decent; nothing amazing. I ate more of the calamari. After looking through the menu I decided on some type of chicken spinach stuffed pasta. Our waiter brought out some very heavy bread to dip in olive oil and herbs. I was eagerly waiting the main courses to come out; and about fifteen minutes later a woman came out calling my dishes name; I was ready for a plate to be placed on the table but instead I saw her empty handed. She informed me they were out of my dishes ingredients and they would not have another delivery of them for some time. This tells me two things; one they probably order this dish frozen and reheat it in the kitchen because how can a restaurant not have pasta shells; chicken; and spinach to throw together? Those are total staples. And two; our waiter was not on his A-game because it had been over FIFTEEN minutes since we ordered and he couldn't come out sooner to let me know? So then I had to quickly scan the menu and to be honest nothing else sounded even close to what I felt like eating so I just went with some combo of lasagna and chicken parm. Not only would I be waiting longer but I filled up on breads and drinks. When my dish finally did come out I tried two bites; the lasagna was overpowered with ricotta and totally turned me off. The chicken parm was alright; the breading was burnt black in some parts and the chicken was bland. The next time I saw our waiter I asked for a box and one of their after dinner boozy coffee drinks and asked him to not charge it to the bill in return for them not having what I originally ordered. He looked surprised and said he had heard about someone not getting what they ordered but didn't know it was me and apologized and said he would see what he could do about comping my drink. I don't know if that ended up happening because I wasn't the one paying the bill; but I was disappointed in their confusion.The coffee drink helped me leave in a better mood but not enough to make me want to return.
What can I say except that I like my meat hot.  Ok; at least my sandwich meat should be toasty.  My office gets sandwiches a couple of times a week and Jersey Mike's is so much better than Subway and Jimmy Johns.  Better tasting bread; higher quality ingredients; and you get more than a paltry slice of meat.  This location in particular is efficient; the staff well-trained; and will definitely make it a regular in the rotation.
Beautiful spa; excellent service; and great facilities to use before and after.  You feel like you are in Palm Beach when you are at their outdoor pool.  Take advantage of their unique treatments and massages; don't just go for swedish.
walked in to a line of 4 people... after waiting 10 minutes just to order my sub because the cashier has no backbone and let some Mexican lady talk on her phone for 3 minutes before paying... ANYWAYS back to this AMAZING PLACE where my toasted meatball sub has been waiting 5 minutes now. I can see the cheese turning into rubber in front of my eyes... than a HUGH FLY lands on my GF's sub and is on it for over 30 seconds... 3 workers back there not 1 see's this fly?? the guy walks up looks at her sub the fly than gets off and he still does not see this?!?!?! I WANTED TO THROW UP!!.. I than after waiting 20 minutes for a SUB!!!! walked out! guess what subway ill never be walking in again!
We ate dinner here New Year's Eve with a small group and I was excited after hearing such good things. It was around 7pm but we didn't have to wait for a booth at all which made me happy! Our waitress came out and was a bit quiet and somber; maybe she wasn't happy about working that night I don't know. I liked the inside of the place; I'm not sure if they usually keep it that dark there or if it was just for the occasion; I didn't mind at all but I know some people like normal lighting at least to read their menu. They had a bunch of balloons hanging everywhere which I thought was cute.We started with the chicken nacho appetizer to share and it wasn't my favorite. The chicken wasn't bite size; more like two inch shredded strips and some ends were very tough. The tortilla chips were super salty and thin so the ones under any toppings got soggy fast. The flavor of the whole thing was nice overall but needs some work in the details.I ordered the turkey sandwich with sweet potato fries and I was just a tiny bit sad I couldn't get a side of the mac and cheese for an upcharge! My boyfriend got the carne asada dish that also sounded tasty.Throughout the night we had maybe three or four men and women come to the table bringing food; drinks; refills; etc. Our actual waitress I think came three times total. I don't like this style of dining especially when the waiter or waitress doesn't even try to make an effort of being friendly or happy to serve you. Some of the gentleman bringing refills were smiling at us more than she was; and they weren't even getting tipped. This is where they lost a star from me. But; it would have been 5 stars because the food was awesome. My sandwich was probably the best I've ever had. The pretzel roll was soft and slightly chewy; the cranberry chutney bursting with flavor; and the coleslaw was tangy and really brought the whole thing together. The turkey was good but hard to mess up as long as it's not taken out of a plastic grocery package. I don't remember what type of cheese was used but it was also great. I had to take half of it home and even cold the next day as leftovers it was still delicious. The sweet potato fries were pretty good as well; hard to care about with such a great sandwich. I tried my boyfriend's carne asada dish and I liked it; there was too much tomato in my opinion and it gave it a steak and spaghetti type of flavor.After dinner we ventured outside to take a peak at the patio. I loved everything about it; and the cat sleeping quietly on a couch cushion under the heat lamp even with all the party commotion going on was such a sweet sight. I would love to come back in the Spring maybe near sunset and have some cocktails outside.
Came here on a Sunday night with family and family friends. Maybe it was a Sunday night or a lot of people don't know about this place; but it seems a bit too empty for a cute and chic place! The prices are very reasonable and there's something on the menu for everyone such as pizzas; calzones; fish items; salads; pasta; etc.I had the chicken parm and it was supposed to come with mashed potatoes but they said they weren't satisfied how they came out that day so they gave me Caesar salad instead. I appreciated their honesty. It was delicious; it was piping HOT! I really liked it. Parents had the sausage pizza and they really enjoyed it.Most of our family friends got the salad and got salmon on it; they felt that for the price; they did not get that much salmon/protein on it so it was disappointing for them so hopefully that'll change soon! Otherwise it's all good and I wish them the best! Next time ill try the dessert! :)
This place was absolutely fantastic! Great ambiance and fantastic food. We got the Pork Belly Pastrami; which was like an inside out Ruben; wonderful. Chopped Salad; very good; especially with the smoked salmon. Gypsy Bacon Sandwich; the bacon was unbelievable; along with the sandwich innards made it refreshing. Lastly we got the Duck. This was probably the best. It had a great millet (like grits); and it went so well with the perfectly cooked duck.The only thing I would suggest; it to NOT get the Pork Belly and Bacon Sandwich together. There was just a bit too much bacon/pork flavor; it detracted a bit from the meal. It would have been helpful if the server had mentioned that.Overall; I would highly recommend Citizen Public House. It is a bit pricy; but just getting the sandwiches would definitely help keep the price down.
Great food; nice and clean. food prices are a little much but it's definitely quality food.
Another visit; another great meal.  Man; I love this place.   The soup was excellent and the sandwich... DELISH!   I'm happy every time I visit.   What's that?  Why not 5 stars you ask?  We always go at lunch because it's just too much of a bar scene for my tastes.  I'll leave that scene to you smokin' hot 25 year olds.
I have been going to Guedo's since it opened back in 85; I think; I have been reading the reviews and I did not read one that recommended the mixed taco with cheese. Friends; it is fantastic; You should give it a try. I usually get two with a side of rice; Bueno!!!
I have been a customer of Defalco's Italian Grocery/Deli for years and years and years. I love it there! As of late I have been sticking with the spaghetti and although there have been a couple of times I found it a little overly salted; for the most part it's perfect every time! The bf is a fan of the sausage and beef combo; only he adds Havarti; with a sub roll and substitutes the marinara for Alfredo and calls it a day. Last night I had the linguine in white clam sauce. It was impressive to say the least. The portion was far larger than I had expected it to be; although I had no trouble finishing it all. Of course we'll be back; we always are.
Village Tavern is a great restaurant; good good; good prices and good service.  A fun place to go and enjoy a meal.  The selection is large and I especially enjoy their steaks and prime rib.  The food is prepared just as ordered;.  I make a point of going when I am down in the Scottsdale aresa.
If you like records; then you'll like this shops! It's exactly as the name says; a record store! Filled with rows of old records; this store is your one-stop-shop to records. The records are in good condition and they have several unique ones to choose from. I'm not a record connoisseur by any means but I can tell that the quality of records here are top notch and should I ever need a record; I'll know where to go! Meow it's your turn to visit!
LOVE Lee's! First discovered it a few years ago walking through Old Town after dinner and stopped in... let me tell you; one of the BEST decisions I've ever made walking through Old Town! It is not overpoweringly alcoholic; but you can definitely taste it in there! They also have some non-alcoholic flavors in case you bring kids or just don't feel like having the alcoholic ice cream (although I highly suggest trying at least one of the flavors!) I have never tried a bad flavor here; in fact each time it is hard to decide on which flavor I want! I have brought many people here. The service also deserves and A++; so helpful and friendly ! I tell everyone to go here whenever they are in the area! Also a good pre-game for between dinner and going out in the area :)
Solid Chinese delivery - never had food from Great Wok that I didn't enjoy. The wonton soup is delicious; and I just had great shrimp in lobster sauce; too. Their vegetables are always fresh!
What a cool little spot that I didn't even realize was a spot until last week. I used to just think of it as the plaza by the Science Center but now I know it as much more.I was here twice on back to back days and realized the beauty of this place. First I was here for a lunch time visit to Pizzeria Bianco and then relaxed for a bit in the square and just enjoyed the weather. The next night I was back to enjoy the Phoenix Brewers Invitational beer fest where the square was packed with vendors and music and made for a great setting for a beer fest. Everything was close and going one end to the other seemed full of stuff but not a long walk either.With events like the beer fest and daily joys like the Science Center; Bianco and Nobuo this is a great little spot.
I did the 7 course tasting with accompanying wines via a groupon.  The wording on the groupon certainly made it seem like you got both the wines and food for the groupon price; but they assured me at the restaurant that I needed to purchase the wine.  Which was fine.The food was very good - standout courses being a grilled white asparagus wrapped in prosciutto and a very good spinach dip with strong hints of truffle.  The accompanying wines were very good; though they were all served in the same glass.This is a very small restaurant and it wouldn't be too difficult for them to change wine glasses out between courses and to offer some more silverwear for dessert.The food was good; the service was okay; but the experience was slightly hurt by the silverwear and glass problem.
Maybe it's me; but I've had the worst luck with customer service at EVERY KFC I go to.. Hawaii was a joke; but I can't figure out what location it was to write a review! Anyways; this KFC is probably the next worst with customer service. This little brunette woman was the worst! I had to repeat my order like 5 times and I could hear her laughing and talking with another employee through the speaker so she kept having to ask me what was that? with a rude attitude. I finally pulled up to the window to place my order face to face. She then went to repeat my order that I just told her; and things were still wrong! Seriously?! At least my finally correct order was edible. 1 star for service and 2 stars for the food.. #blah
My full review with photos can be found at: http://forkvsfood.com/chodang-review/My overall thoughts about Chodang are that it's a great all-around Korean dining experience. The Seafood Tofu soup really knocks it out of the park and holds it's own against any other in the valley. The grilled meats are good; but it can't compete with other restaurants that have the burner in the center of the table where you can really char the meat up. I consider Chodang a sure-thing for Korean dining; where most of the other restaurants really shine in one dish over another.
It is so dangerous that this place is less than a 5 minute drive from our house.  I also believe we fall into the delivery radius.We finally tried Thai Basil out on the recommendation of my brow aesthetician and we are so glad we did.We ordered the green curry and siamese fried rice and it is delicious.  I am so pumped to try more of their curries.  The fried rice is nice and fluffy and satay chicken with sauce is super yummy.  We can't wait to order from here again.
Came here with a co-worker. Got a dr pepper from their really awesome modern soda machine. My co worker got a meatball sandwich. He said he was the best meat ball sandwhich he ever have. Which is saying a lot because his from ny; I believe they ate a lot of sandwiches haha... The service was fast. The place was really clean. Tried a bite of the meatball sandwhich; I hate meatball sandwhiches; to my amusement I really enjoyed this one.
Chef Aaron May is the force behind this restaurant; especially since it was featured on Diners; Drive-Ins and Dives. There are several locations; and this particular morning; we went to the location at 47th Street & Indian School.Weekend mornings will find patrons waiting in line for a table at this local favorite. Why? I really have no idea. I had high hopes for this place because it's had rave reviews from local food critics; fellow Yelpers; been written up in magazines and on Triple D. But I was not impressed.The coffee was good; not outstanding. The atmosphere was; well...odd. Nice if you like upside-down children's umbrellas. The Mediterranean omelet (w/ spinach; tomato;  garlic & Feta) sounded good this particular morning. Wow - garlic should have been listed as the 1st ingredient - I like garlic but this was way too overpowering. The omelet itself was overcooked at the edges and since my taste buds were overwhelmed by the garlic; I can't really tell you if the omelet itself was flavorful. Big disappointment.Crying Pig omelet was selected by a meat lover in our group. He said it was flavorful and had a fair amount of bacon & sausage. He thought the omelet was a bit overcooked; especially around the edges; and was a bit dry; too.Not too many places have corned beef hash on the menu; so our friend jumped at the chance. He ordered it w/eggs AND a side of gravy. He absolutely loved it. Now; take that with a grain of salt as he always loves everything - but he was sincere in saying it was delicious so I believe him.For a restaurant that specializes in breakfast fare; I expected more. Would I go back? Potentially. However there are so many other choices in the Valley that it may be a long time before I circle back.The waiter was friendly and made sure our waters and coffees were filled.
Yuck:(  We ordered their pizza since it is NYE and we just got home from a long trip and have no food in the house.  It took a long time for delivery and the pizza wings and mozz sticks were all cold.  The pizza looked as though it was sitting out for a long time.  I will not be ordering their pizza again.  Hungry Howies is way better!
Hey; people just a question because I haven't been in that place for years. Is the owners FAT piano leg daughter [Shannon] still work there? Boy she was nice to people that lived nearby & tipped her::::::::::NOT!  Memories is hard to forget; she was just awful most of the times. I meant her mom onetime as a fill-in on a Saturday; yes she was bitchy like her daughter. At onetime I brought up the establishment for conversation & really people said the same thing [Shannon] & I wasn't surprise.
I dropped off my favorite pair of boot scootin' (dancing) boots for new soles and heels right before they closed on Thursday.  They were ready the next day and they looked and felt great.  I thought the new soles would be stiff and I would have to break them in again; but that was not the case.  Also; the price was very reasonable.  I've had that type of work done at other places and paid a lot more and waited longer to get them back; so I'm a very happy customer.  I definitely recommend Tony's Shoe Repair in the Christown Shopping Center.
The baked ziti with sausage is a good choice. Pizza is alright but you have to like a thicker and more toasted crust.
Oh my gooooood! Can you say bomb? Go ahead; try it. Okay come back. Yes. These tacos are that and more. Worth all the hype. Worth a little more from me. These are no sh*t; amazing tacos with great flavor. But; okay let me esplain something to you. Mexican food is usually the last thing I want to eat when I eat out. My parents are from the valley; born and raised and very Americanized. Still; I grew up with rice and beans with every meal; even steaks; even eggs; no joke. Every. Meal. Some things are like Bruce Willis; they Die Hard. But I love me some tacos man... And these are SOME tacos!I've been here a handful of times now and have had; I think; every taco of the menu at least once. The tacos de pescado are by far my favourite. Lightly breaded; perfectly seasoned; little pieces of white flaky fish wrapped up in soft warm corn tortillas smothered in a spicy crema. Yum! The tacos pastor are probably my second fav. Tasty marinated carnita covered in a sort of  pico and wrapped in those perfect soft tortillas. I love the tripas (never fear; they cook them way down!) and the carne asada also. And the sonny man always orders the quesadilla. So delicious and I am feenin for one with chorizo right now!Okay well I have to go get my fix since they were closed for the holidays. Laters baby.
So today I tried the downtown location. I'd only been to the Tempe/Scottsdale location before and had really liked it; even though I'm not vegan or vegetarian. Well; I don't know if it was this location or if the restaurant has changed that much but it really wasn't good. Not at all. The Green Burger that I'd eaten at the other location was phenomenal. I've lived with vegetarians for years and have tried a lot of vegan and vegetarian food and have never cared much for it (unless I was preparing it) but the Green Burger was amazing.  It was a house ground and packed oats & barley veggie burger with fresh lettuce and tomato; vegan mayo; ketchup and pickles (per the website). When I tried to order it today; it was no longer on the menu. I was told the menu had recently changed and the patty is now different - even though the Green Burger is still listed as a menu item on the website. This new burger is just awful. It's much smaller and it's soy based and tastes worse than a Boca patty. If I wanted a crappy little frozen soy patty; I wouldn't pay nearly ten dollars for it... The fries; which were also amazing at the other location were nothing special here either. They are supposed to be seasoned - they are called Thyme Fries so I expected some; I don't know; thyme?  Nada - no seasoning whatsoever. They were good but just plain old fries. It wasn't just me. My husband who has 16 years of vegetarian/vegan experience and who really enjoyed the Argentine Po-Boy previously just looked at me and said no bueno.  It was mostly bread with hardly any filling in it.  Much different than the other location.Between apps; sandwiches and a couple of iced teas; it cost nearly $50 for lunch for my daughter; husband and me.  Totally not worth it. I'd go to the Tempe/Scottsdale location again if I knew for sure the Green Burger was available; otherwise I can't see myself returning.
For the same amount of coin; I'd take some ghetto Chinese over a bowl at Samurai Sam's.This is obviously healthier than Chinese; there's no doubt. The Sumo Bowl ($10!) I ordered had better quality meats and vegetables than you'd find at a Chinese take out. Tasty; however; it was not.The ingredients were not seasoned enough for my tastes; and I did all I could to add some flavor. I added some soy sauce; Japanese red pepper and salt & pepper. Adding these after cooking proved pointless and I kind of suffered through the meal instead of enjoying it. Perhaps there's some sauce that I forgot to ask for; which will render the Sumo Bowl less healthy in exchange for deliciousness?
Nice place to hang out and have breakfast or lunch. The ambience is pretty and food is excellent. Crab cake is a must have.
Nice.  $5 glasses most of the day; and a great selection of wines.  From Asti to Zinfandel.  Give the oven-roasted olives a try; great bargain and delicious.
A top notch Bermuda-laced track located in the golf corridor of Fountain Hills and home to the infamous Wicked Six.  The course was in excellent condition; especially the back nine.  Tee boxes were in good condition but a few needed some re-seeding.  The fairways were in excellent condition; easily delineated from the rough which was burnt-out Bermuda.  The greens; as some recent reviews have noted; were not as fast as most Phoenix-area resorts courses but they hardly turn play into a round of pasture golf.  Chip and runs and long putts need to be given an extra bit of muscle but it's not like your putting on unkept muni course back East. Scoring on the front nine is a must because once you make the turn; your golf game can turn ugly fast.  Whatever tees your playing; the uphill climb of the final eight holes; especially the aptly termed; Wicked Six; turns what's nominally on the scorecard to something literally 400 yards longer.  The wide open fairways are forgiving but  even the scratch golfer will be pulling out his 3 wood; 4; 5; and 6 irons on this stretch of holes.  SunRidge Canyon is not perfect by any stretch of the imagination and there are better courses in the Phoenix area but the scenery; modest green fees (by Phoenix standards) and back nine alone is worth the price of admission.
This Target is great; it's never super crowded; the staff is always friendly and it's always clean. They have a food section and it's usually where I do all my shopping. The selection however is limited. The prices are always higher then Walmart; but with a redcard it will even out most of the time.
Pho is the best...no need to say any more
Can I just start by saying how much love I have for our local coffee shops?  You just can't beat the personal attention and genuine care these places give.  You all know I love me some Giant on my Monday mornings (close to work! great vibe! good music!  STELLAR coffee!) and I gotta get down on Jobot on my way in to my second job.  Songbird's been frickin' killin' it with a PERFECT; CONSISTENT spicy chai (make it dirty) and then there's my home coffee shop: Copper Star.  Ooooooooooh; Copper Star; how do I love thee?  Let me count the ways. Their drinks are great.  They showcase local art.  The music is good.  Their baristas are genuinely nice people.  Seriously.  I might hug one of them next time I go in.  But it's the FOOD that prompted this post.  Today I discovered their vegan; gluten-free; peanut-butter oatmeal cookies.  I know there are people out there that imagine that vegan and gluten free can't possibly be good; but I honest-to-god believe that the 3 (maybe 3? Maybe 20?) minutes I spent enjoying that cookie may have been some of the best minutes of my life.  I can't really pin down how long it was; because I'm pretty sure that cookie helped me transcend space and time.  SO. Good.I went back later for the vegan rosemary green chile potato soup.  O.M.G. Copper Star.   CenPho.  Happy happy happiness.P.S.  The patio's great too!
This place is as efficient as a well oiled machine. This location has a lot of return customers; because of it's attention to quality and speed. They are good at what they do and they are delicious. I will continue to comeback to this establishment to fulfill my burrito bowl fix.
Clean; well lit; and safe. Different set of stores than Biltmore; Fashion Square; and Kierland Commons.
Frankly; this is some of the priciest Chinese food I've ever had. Got takeout the other day for 3 adults. Spent nearly $75 and it simply wasn't worth it. Our order had 4 appetizers and 3 entrees. There were supposed to be 4 potstickers but there were only 3. At $5.25; those 3 dumplings were pricey. Apparently somebody in the kitchen has trouble counting because our $4.50 order of crab puffs was also missing one (ie; it had 4 instead of 5). The Teriyaki beef skewers (you get 4 of them) were dry; dry dry. They were like eating beef jerky on a stick; only these were tasteless. They were tough and way overcooked or maybe they had just been sitting around for a few days. Definitely not worth $2 a piece. The honey dipped ribs (4 of them) were a nice size but a little tough. The bbq sauce covering the ribs was tomato-based and I expected it to be a little sweet (it is called HONEY DIPPED ribs; after all) but it was pretty bland. I did not taste sweet on those ribs. The portion was a good size for an appetizer; though. The Walnut Shrimp was probably the smallest portion of the entrees and way overpriced. I could count on 4 fingers the number of average size shrimp in there. They were stingy with the walnuts and veggies as well. The portion appeared to be child-sized or maybe a half portion but it was most definitely NOT worth almost $16. The Beef and Broccoli was supposed to be prepared in a garlic brown sauce (according to the menu). The sauce had a light reddish tinge (maybe from some tomato sauce?) and there was no garlic flavor in this sauce. There was very little flavor of any kind. I expected to taste soy sauce; ginger; even pepper but nothing. I've had Beef and Broccoli at other restaurants before and I've also made it at home and this was the blandest by far. The broccoli was fresh and had a nice crunch and color to it and the beef was tender but cut into miniscule pieces; as if by cutting them so small and spreading them around; it'll look like you have a lot more beef than you actually do. At $13.50; the portion size was adequate for one person even though there seemed to be more broccoli and very little beef. Finally; the House Fried Rice was the only dish that actually had some flavor to speak of. The aroma and color of the entree was appetizing. But; there was maybe 3 small shrimp; some chicken and pork and plenty of veggies. The portion was large so for almost $10 you get enough fried rice for maybe a couple of meals. Additionally; I wasn't given (or offered) any packets of soy sauce (or any other sauce) or chopsticks. I suppose you just have to know to ask for what you want before you walk out. I also had to wait an additional 15 minutes longer than the 20 to 30 minutes I was told it would take on the phone. I wouldn't order takeout from this place again much less actually go and eat there. The food is overpriced; mediocre and flavorless. They're also stingy with their main ingredients; particularly the shrimp and beef. If you like overpaying for mediocre chinese food; this is the place to go.
This restaurant falls in line with Fez Burger. Both good burger places but not STELLAR. I have eaten here about 6 to 7 times because I work across the street and when you work with a bunch of guys a burger joint comes up a lot on the where should we go to lunch question.  I like the way the restaurant is set up; with open air concept and the large cow pasture mural on the wall. It takes me back to my Midwest days.But the burgers here are just eh; they have good flavor but to me a true burger enthusiast should want a simple burger and not have tons and tons of toppings or options and I find almost every burger place now-a-days does this. I guess I just miss that simple part about the Midwest.  By no means are their burgers awful its just my personal preference...I do however enjoy the double truffle fries! They are dynamite! If I had to pick between this place and FEZ I would go with this Zinburger hands down.
A tasty buffet that serves vegetarian and vegan dishes; Udupi offers a great variety of curries; starches; and desserts that will please anyone that doesn't need to have meat at every meal.  For me; usually I enjoy the veggie dishes at Indian restaurants more than the meaty ones anyways; so I didn't mind not eating meat for my lunch.  We went on a Sunday afternoon; and found a mix of various northern and southern Indian dishes.  Some buffet items included vadai; palak paneer; sauteed green beans (Sorry; forgot the name!); and veggie korma.  There was also a cold foods station with salads; yogurt; and sauces.  For breads; they offered papadum; paratha; and they make fresh dosa and bring it to your table.  I tried a little bit of each buffet hot item; and enjoyed each dish.  The dosa was light and crispy; with a nice curried potato filling.  For desserts; they had ras malai; carrot halwa; and coconut burfi.  I enjoyed each dessert; especially the ras malai; which is a sweetened creamy paneer.  It was my first time trying it; and it was delicious.  They also had a thermos with cardamom-infused chai tea; with a sign saying it could be made vegan if requested.  The price is expensive considering that this is only a vegetarian/vegan buffet (About 11 to 12 dollars per person for the weekend buffet; sodas and iced tea extra); but there is a lot of variety to try to make up for it.  Service was cheerful and friendly; and we got a card for 10% off our next visit after paying for our check.  Maybe we will check out the less expensive weekday buffet to see how the non-weekend buffet measures up!
THIS STARBUCK'S IS AWESOME! Amazing Cstr Service! ALWAYS Super friendly; always smiling with a positive attitude! HIGHLY recommend this location in particular; as well as this location being known as the Gay Starbuck's.  :)
I went in on New Years Eve.  Walked in with my flat tire; the associate came around the corner and took it; repaired it in less then two minutes and I was on my way.  Associate was hospitable and quick.  Just the way I like it.  FYI: I couldn't help but notice that they had a large selection of bikes too.  When I'm due for a new bike; I'll be sure to check this place out again.
We ate here late afternoon last Saturday - I was surprised it wasn't busier. Great set-up - a lot more inviting than how Buffalo Wild Wings (the previous tenants) had it. Lots of TV's; nice patio where you have plenty of room between you and the next table. Our server Tommy was a sweetheart and super attentive. We had the buffalo shrimp which were absolutely delicious! The portabella mushroom was a tad too greasy for my liking but my boyfriend seemed to like it and had no problem finishing it. Great selection of beers on tap as well. This area needs a good sports bar like this one!
I normally don't prefer to eat at chains (though I will on occasion); but this one holds a special place for me. I'd just driven into Phoenix on a Wednesday afternoon; after a long drive across the country. Earlier in the day I'd signed the lease on my apartment and confirmed with the movers when they were coming the next morning. So this tired chick hopped on Yelp to find some food -- nearby; familiar; and good enough. I found this Applebee's not too far away and also in the same parking lot as Target (killing two birds with one stone). It was my first meal here; since all of my belongings (read: pots; pans; cooking utensils) were on an 18-wheeler somewhere in the vast Phoenix metropolis. The people here were friendly enough; and I like their 550 menu of dishes fewer than 550 calories. So while I've grown fond of finding and frequenting locally-owned joints; on occasion I do hit a chain. This one was there for a very tired chick who needed some hot food and a nearby Target!
Great menu and atmosphere. Service wasn't the best; but the manager handled the situation very well and professionally. Unfortunately I found a dead fly tucked into the paper on my wrap. We may have had a fluke bad experience; but I won't be rushing back anytime soon.
Cool; chill; relaxed employees. Day and night. Always nicely greeted with a smile. Floors and counters seem pretty clean. Shelves always stocked and organized. Easy to find anything. Only 3 stars because one night I got a really bad hot dog. That makes me iffy bout their cleanliness. But it was 1 out of about 50 times I've gotten a hot dog there.
This is probably one of the best fast food Gyro's around. When I'm really hungry I hit the Mediterranean Plate that is sure to fill you up and the lunch special is also very filling and at a great price. This place is always busy but the service is always fast and spot on. I would say you should try it yourself you'll eat the often
Awesome employees with especially good advice about plants.
I think that they use their happy hour into tricking you into spending more money.  The happy hour was good; but once I saw that  tasting menu; I had to have it!  But first I did start with a drink from the happy hour menu.  I tried the Vanilla Italian Soda.  It was so good that I had two.  We then tried the mushroom eggrolls and the dipping sauce.  We also tried the slider.  It was fresh; but only okay.  We also tried the beef skewers that were pretty good.  We then tried the tasting menu.  The first dishes were the tuna tartare.  It was amazingly flavorful.  Then came the risotto.  I would go back for that dish alone.  We also had a steak and fish.  Both were delicious.What really surprised me was the dessert.  It was a chocolate cake with carmel ice cream.  It was quite light.I really can't wait to go back and try more of their menu items.  The service was also great!
I eat here several times a week since I work in the building.  The people are great. Friendly and happy to take your order.Never had a bad dish.  I recommend the #14 on toast.  Also the B.B.C.T.O without the T&O (Bagel; Bacon; Cream Cheese) breakfast is amazing!  I am craving it right now.  However;.... I can't get it because the line is out the door this morning and there is only one person working. With the addition of 110 employee company in the building the wait is ridiculous.  Even if I call ahead and wait 20 minutes before I go down. I still end up waiting ANOTHER 20 minutes for a sandwich. This has been happening on a regular basis now.  Please HIRE SOMEONE.  I hear lots of rumblings while waiting in line; so the frustration is not just me.  I think once the wait goes back to normal I will update with more starts.
Ok; I have been a fan of the El Dorado for years now; mostly because of the proximity to my house (walking distance). Other than it being what some have called a dive bar; the food is remarkably delicious! They do really good soups (potato is a fave); I also really lke their fish friday all you can eat (in house); their 1/2 price burger mondays (also in house); the meatloaf is amazing as is their green chili burro. It is a comfortable environment with regular customers. Karaoke is aldo available certain days of the week after 9pm. Anyway; the point? Its a decent inexpensive place to get a home cooked meal; without having to cook one yourself at home.
Clean; friendly service; delicious food. Everything that you'd expect from In-n-Out; w/ out the line!I was very surprised that one a Saturday afternoon this place was practically deserted. We were greeted promptly; by just about the smiliest (thats a word; right?) guy Ive ever met. Our food was out w/in about 5 minutes of us leaving the counter; and of course it was delicious.A much better choice than the new food court at Fiesta Mall.
Have been to the Arcadia one often - this one was a disappointment - waiters were somewhat arrogant; frowned & balked when I asked for another location for table even though there were many tables available & the music is too loud.  Food however;  was terrific - as good as the other location.  Servers need to be nicer.
Delicious dry rib BBQ. Had the Tex Mex plate with ribs; brisket and pulled pork. The Sassy sauce is perfect with the pork and ribs and the Sweet sauce makes the brisket melt in your mouth. The owner is very nice and makes you feel like you're eating dinner at your Texas uncles house.
Seriously great pizza.  Friendly staff.  It's an added bonus that they usually have a Yankees game on & are very welcoming to those of us who support the Bronx Bombers.  That's not very common out here in the desert.  At the end of the day tho; the pizza is super tasty and the price is right.  Home run!!
Liked it sold more upscale stuff but good quality.  Something like Whole foods but a bit more expensive in some items.  And I agree with others the bakery is really nice.
Best Philly cheesesteak in town!
Oh JC Penney; how youve evolved.Love the new look theyve given to this location. Items are easy to find. You wont see many sale signs as theyve switched to everyday values pricing. Things here are very decently priced. I personally love the Worthington brand; theyre great work clothes (stylish; yet durable). You can have things shipped to the store from their website; the pickup process is also fairly easy.The staff here is very helpful; and you can almost always find someone to help you in any section. This location doesnt have the bedding and housewares sections; theyre located by Sears in the JCP homestore.
As far as Subways go; this one is pretty good.
Ate there again today;  continue to love their small Bobbie.     Check them out.
Love this place and come here every time I'm in town. The servers are a bit dingy at times; I've had orders messed up a few times; billing errors; etc.... I don't mind too much as long as thing are straightened out; which they are.The burritos are awesome; love the warm tortilla chips served with salsa. Best cheese crisp around (better than Los Olivos) and did I mention consistency? Never a surprise here. This is good food and we'll keep coming...
Hubby and I stopped here for lunch a few days back as we were in the neighborhood. We got there just before the lunch rush (11:30ish am) so everything came out really fast.We both ordered the gyro combo. The meat was good; and generous portions of both meat and fries. The fries were really good... they were almost crispy and they had this really good taste; but didn't seem to be seasoned... My husband ordered extra tzatziki and I don't remember if they charged us for it... however; I think the bill was less of what the board said... not sure why.Well; really good. It is kind of far but we will be  back when we are in the neighborhood.
So far I have only had pho tai chin and it was fantastic. I am glad to have found a great pho joint so close to me! Looking forward to trying the rest of the menu!
Julie our server was very nice. The Pho was excellent. We enjoyed the appetizers; spring rolls and the flank steak.  We had three of the grilled entrees and one order of pad Thai and all were excellent.
Make sure to check the UltraStar website; not just Moviefone.com; for their Babies Night Out showings.  House lights stay on throughout the movie and there is a changing table in the theater for any diaper changes the children may have.  Moviefone.com doesn't state this and it may be an unpleasant surprise if you're taking a date; etc.  The movie we were attending was rated R; not exactly a child-friendly movie in my opinion.
Unfortunately; The Gelato Spot loses a star just for it's old town Scottsdale location; but I was prepared to give them a solid 4 stars. As someone who lived in Sicily for years; I am pretty particular about my pizza; and gelato. I must say; the crust was amazing! The ingredients were authentic; and the gelato was top notch. Unfortunately; the service and decore left a lot to be desired. It seems ownership shot their wad on the prime location and wood burning stove; leaving nothing left for a quality staff. All staff members that night were high school girls; who had no concept of customer service. We were exposed to general complaints of having to work; why so and so can be late but they couldn't... on and on. Also; while preparing my gelato; a whole scoop was dropped into another flavors bin; which was quickly scooped up and put back into my container. gross. For authentic sicilian pizza; I give them 2 thumbs up. For all around experience; It was massively lacking.UPDATE: I was quickly contacted by the owner; who was very interested in my experience; and wanted my opinion on how to better his business. I respect the hell out of that. I am upping my rating to 4 stars. Thanks again!
Tried the mini version of coconut shrimp. Wife loved it  I had Kung pao two. Lot of food; spiced just right. Service friendly. Try it for lunch.Went again. Had Kung pao veggies for lunch. Friendly staff. Do it.
Tasty but very disappointing service and cold pizza. I even tipped well when I payed w ordering.
One pizza pp left all the twenty somethings in our group still hungry. Scant ingredients; mediocre crust.  Stingy with the cheese.  Wedge salad was deplorable; runny dressing over a sagging chunk of iceberg; a few bacon bits.Better pizza at Barros; Tommy's...even Costco. CPK pizza needs to be heavier/hartier; especially in light of the cost; around $13.
Would never go here again. Hosted a grp of 8 Professionals and wanted to try something different. Sadly disappointed - and food poisoned.Summary of menu items tried: Coconut Shrimp: prepared from frozen and shrimp was not deveined (gross)! Salad bar: Fresh; but far from interesting for the price. Filet: totally unseasoned; tasted like boiled! Tough and chewy. Could not finish. Teriyaki Fillet Medallions: Sauce from a bottle from Safeway. Very bad and chewy/tough. Sea Bass: Wasn't sea bass. Was prepared from frozen; overcooked and totally unseasoned. Orzo reheated from yesterday with a skin on top! Service: knew that 18% tip mandatory. Was TERRIBLE; inattentive and SLOW.  Only reason I paid the mandatory tip is because I didn't want to make a scene with all of my guests.  I am NOT HAPPY with the ripoff that the Chart House gave us tonight.  That waiter made over $80 in mandatory tips  from my bill.  I am blessed to have been successful in business; and I am normally pleased to pay my bills - but I worked very hard for my money and I hate being ripped off.  And the Chart House ripped me off.Called Management later to complain about the low quality food and service. Will see what happens to be fair and will update this.  Manager on the phone said that he would inform corporate about our complaint.Should note that two guests (the ones that had the Caesar salads) ended up getting very ill later that night.  The likely culprit is food poisoning from the Caesar Salads.  All in agreement (several of us are Physicians and Nurses).
Tex-Mex? More like Tourist-Mex. Ok; Chainy-Mex. That isn't to say everything is bad. There is always a time and place for franchised southwest cuisine; which naturally occurs after a spending spree at Fashion Show Mall (http://www.yelp.com/biz/scottsdale-fashion-square-scottsdale-2) in downtown Scottsdale. Margarita specials to drown your sorrows over your newly drained bank account? You've come to the right place.Happy Hour; Z'Tejas style; is no joke. Until about 6:30pm each day (yes; weekends are fair game but apparently end at 5pm); they have discounted food; and plenty of margarita variations to quench your lush-cious thirst. The chambord margaritas are drinks made from girly heaven; while I much prefer their regular margaritas; with lots of tequila. The half off platters of food are usually munchables and make for good finger foods while the crowd mingles away.My last go around food wise wasn't the best. The green chile enchiladas with barbacoa was bland and the meat was a bit tough to chew; but certainly overshadowed by some very dry tortillas. Not surprisingly; the smothered chicken burrito didn't fare much better; even though it was quite hearty. The bottomless chips got the most love; especially with their trio of spicy dipping sauces. Service hasn't really impressed me much in the couple of times I've been there and the seating will vary but I wouldn't advise sitting outside unless the weather is absolutely perfect. Otherwise; it can get hot and there tends to be more cars strolling by than actual subjects for people watching.
I was pleasantly surprised by this location. I wouldn't call Rubio's authentic by any means but if you are looking for a quick fix for your taco cravings it will do the trick.The food is pretty good. I adore their poblano and mushroom tacos. Not many places serve veggie tacos so this makes me happy. These tacos are stuffed with grilled poblanos; portabellas; fresh avocado; cilantro; and queso fresco. Plus the taco shell has cheese crisped on to it. It is a surprising and tasty twist. I have always liked their beans and before I discovered their tacos I would get a plain old bean burrito.My husband always gets fish tacos or burritos and always says they are good.Their salsa isn't the best but they have a few different kind of varieties.Portion sizes are kinda flimsy especially their side items...Service at this location is awesome! The lady running the register is sooooo nice and seems extremely competent.  They also sell beer which is nice for a fast food establishment. I haven't imbibed yet because I always order takeout but I saw a sign that said all beer is $2.50 in the evenings. Hmmmm... I might have to come back for that.Give Rubio's a chance- they might surprise you.
Such a great restaurant/bar.  Saturdays $12 all you can drink mimosas!  You can't beat that!  Plus the happy hour is great; the service is wonderful; and the food/drinks are great.  I got the short rib hash for brunch and loved it.  Enjoy!
I wasn't even going to give one star; but the Mac&Cheese was amazing.As for the staff; my suggestion is to get rid of the entire staff that is presently employed there; and rehire all new people. Start over.You would think that with a name like Alice Cooper behind you; that the team would be amazing and go out of their way to have pride in their establishment and offer a good experience. We went here before a RUSH concert in November; and it was absolutely the worst customer service we have all four ever experienced.... And we are from Tucson; and were so excited to stop for drinks and dinner before our show.The guy waiting on us was very impatient; and very huffy. Complaining about the busyness.  And at the table next to us; their waitress complained to her customers that she was very busy; and would get them what they needed when she could; while raising her voice about three levels.Horrible experience.
Perfect! Happy hour mon-sat 3pm-6pm3.5 stars All we wanted to do was to grab something to eat after a long drive from California to Arizona and we found this on rurual road; in Tempe. The exterior may look plain but hey; there's a bar and happy hour happening so why turn around?What does happy hour have? Well; well ; well... 1/2 off appetizers; $2 blue moons and drafts that they carry. And there's specials on selected food.Got the..+ fresh rolls ($3) chicken - http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/7N3q70C_mwEYQ2QcGfjvgA?select=N1mhk603JkCFuPZJ58Cxew#mYLsvj4kSTgz7tqwKX07NQ You get to choose either chicken; beef or tofu. We got the chicken and it was pretty good. The sweet and sour sauce was a bit different from the Thai places I've been to. Usually there's garlic in it; but at Thai Basil; they put chopped up peanuts instead. So if you're allergic with peanuts; best ask for the sauce without the nuts!+ Papaya Salad ($6.25) mildTasted great! Only sad thing is that we only had one shrimp :(+ red snapper with mixed veggies and bamboo (mild) http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/7N3q70C_mwEYQ2QcGfjvgA?select=vhgbwyKOgx0caLeacQ1zQQ#pD9KU2uHEGRBQS4H02AJEQOh so yummy! Tasted garlic-y and having it over rice is delicious.+ Bluemoons ($2 each)  - http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/7N3q70C_mwEYQ2QcGfjvgA?select=vhgbwyKOgx0caLeacQ1zQQ#A2vWUeFM6vWyQXZeJJvwEw Service - Was great. The ladies who works there are very helpful when we asked what in what and they will let you know what's their special of the day. And yes; there is a bar here. Eat while you drink in front of a big screen t.v. Overall; not a bad place. I just wished they gave more than one darn shrimp!
Pepper Palace is hot sauce heaven. They offer hundreds of salsas; hot sauces; wing sauces; bbq sauces and other spicy treats. They also offer samples of many that you can try in the shop on chip fragments. I LOVE this shop and will be a regular visitor. I started with a locally made version of a Tapatio-style hot sauce and I also snagged a blackberry BBQ sauce that is bursting with flavor. This is located in Scottsdale Fashion Square on the top floor near Dillards.
Kudos to the omelette maker and the waitress! However; I'm not sure why it was so difficult for four hostesses to find me a decent table. Overall the food was okay; not that great of a selection for $30 per person though......the bread table had a great display; but was inevitably just there for looks and stale. I'm a vegetarian and tend to look for healthier options like fruit and a nice salad bar which was not offered.I don't recommend this place at all. The cigarette smell from the casino seriously kills the appetite.
$8.24 cents to fax five pages to my insurance company and an unpleasant; unsmiling troll behind the register to help me out with the process.  I think that pretty much sums it up.
The Salt and Pepper flounder is amazing.  The egg drop soup is amazing as well.
Nice bar; with modern asian decor. Our server; Shannon; was very friendly; considering she had to tend bar and serve; We had two orders of  sweet chili chicken wings; the dumplings and vietnamese crepes. The food was happy hour good and the Kiltlifter and Lucky Buddha beer was fresh and cold; Nice place to spend an evening.. We would go back.
We have tried a few different landscapers in the area but now that we have encountered Urias; I can't imagine calling upon or recommending any other company. As new homeowners who have never landscaped on their own; our front and back yards became severely overgrown and unruly. We attempted trimming ourselves and hired a few companies; who were unprofessional; clearly did the bare minimum and would tell us that they don't do trees even though they advertised tree trimming. They still charged us a hefty amount for work we could do on our own (trimming bushes; mowing our small patch of grass; etc.). We called Urias for an estimate (which was free) and Jessie came looked around and gave us a GREAT quote; far less expensive than all of the companies with silly excuses. They even sent us the detailed quote via e-mail; upon request. They brought a team of five or so the day-of; who scaled and trimmed our palm trees; shaped and trimmed our bushes; fruit trees; cut and trimmed the grass; pulled and treated gravel for weeds; removed two dead plants; and even removed a small tree stump for us (a last minute request at no additional charge!). Our fruit trees are ALL bearing fruit this year; when last year only two of the four did so. In addition; Urias took away yard waste as well as trash and boxes we had near our cans AND fixed our plastic shed that had become crooked and seemingly unusable. Urias was responsive; professional; affordable; and went above and beyond. They clearly take pride in their work. Might I add that they were the lowest of the 3-4 bids we received for our large project. Well exceeded our expectations!
Otto is on a roll - a very big pizza roll. For only 9 bucks; I received a monster meal that in my case had chicken; mushrooms; tomatoes and mozzarella cheese inside the incredible fresh pizza dough. All of this was served with a side of marinara. The crust was perfectly cooked with some slight burn marks and the inside was even better with all the fresh ingredients and tons of white meat chicken chunks. The entire thing (see photo) barely fit into their small pizza box; so unless your famished like I was; then your looking at tomorrow's lunch also. The menu covers most Italian favorites; so it will be nice to try the calzones or pasta next; but those rolls are what is going to keep me coming back (3 other varieties available). The greek with mozz; spinach; tomato; feta and garlic might be next.
I have been in the industry for years and I really don't like giving reviews like this. I really enjoy the food and have been here many times over the years; but the service I received tonight was bad and it was only a to-go order. I understand the restaurant was very busy for a Thursday night; but I tried calling four times and never got an answer. When I informed the manager who took my order once I arrived he just shrugged and said 'It's busy'. The food came out in a timely manner. When I arrived back to collect my order; there was no hostess/host at the front door for at least three minutes. Once I was greeted; the service was very impersonal. I am just disappointed with my experience and I am glad I took the food to-go. I really enjoy the food here; and I really hope that this review doesn't fall on deaf ears. Service really needs to improve; even on unusually busy nights.
Excellent Service.  My heater stopped working and Heidi dispatched a technician within an hour.  Seth got it back up and working after getting a replacement part.  Both were courteous and professional; and they made the experience stress-free.
WOW; what a neat restaurant. Salt fish; Cool Bar; friendly servers.The food was hot; the burger and fries were more than I expected.My wife ordered the Fish tacos and loved them.Kids were a bit excited with the LOUD thunder; but they kept busy coloring and enjoying the Elephants....Very unique; we will be back!
This bank gives me faith in banking. I have had terrible experinces with *other* financial institutions. I am so grateful that in serving one is able to join the USAA family. I have never had one problem; complaint; nor issue with them at all.It's like being in a very exclusive club; without the fanfare.Thank you USAA!!!
This place is awesome! If you read a bad review; especially about the one across the street from a Taco; you are talking & reading about the wrong place.  This Tacos Jalisco (the real one) is on 68th Street; not on Thomas.  The location on Thomas is their original location which they sold; and in the contract had to allow them the right to use the name.  The food is not even close!! So make sure you check out the correct location on 68th.  You will be happy that you did.  The free pickled veggie bar is awesome; be sure to grab some of it in a baggie on your way it to accompany your meal. Another great one is the pace across the street next door to TD Road house.  Their Carne Asada is unreal; or the chicken that they grill outside over coal.  a Whole chicken; pint of rice; pint of beans; pint of home made salsa; like 10-12 corn tortillas; $10!
I came here with for brunch on New Year's Day with a dozen people; and the place was packed.  The music was pretty loud; so you have to shout to your friends if you want them to hear you.  It was amusing to see that some customers looked like they were still wearing their NYE outfits with their stilettos; shiny dresses; and suits.  I love people watching in Old Town!  Anyways; although our group had a reservation; we still had to wait 30-45 minutes until we were actually seated.  But I definitely didn't mind; because the crowd was fun; and bottomless mimosas are $15.  Apologetic for the wait; the restaurant manager came over to our table on the patio and gave our table free appetizers and tickets to a nearby club.  Score! I ordered the Egg White Turkey Scramble that included apple turkey sausage; roasted red peppers; spinach and scrambled eggs; home fries; and toast.  Prices are on the mid to high side; but don't forget that this is Scottsdale.  My dish was light; flavorful; and was perfect alongside my mimosa.  For appetizers; our table enjoyed the Jalapeno Mac n'Cheese that consisted of cavatappi pasta tossed in a spicy jalapeno cheese sauce and topped with parmesan bread crumbs---it was scrumptious.  We also enjoyed he Hangover Fries; which were parmesan fries loaded with cheddar cheese; jalapenos; tomatoes and bacon topped with two eggs sunnyside up with sour cream.  Wow---I had never had eggs on top of my fries before; and the name Hangover Fries is perfect.  Our table scarfed these down; and some people claimed that their hangovers were already subsiding!I was impressed with the staff; because they were on their A-Game.  They didn't forget anything when we asked; and were just great.  I definitely plan on coming back; because RnR rules!
If you're an electrician or a lover of high tension power lines; this is the place for you! Some people love to see Cacti; some people love the ocean; and some (very few) like power lines.Other than the massive towers running through the course this place is in fantastic shape and offers some excellent golf. I was visiting the area and wanted to play as many places as I could. The previous day I played The Boulders South which is probably the best desert golf I have come across. However; this place is great too. The layout is very challenging.We started playing from the Whites (which were moved up; less than 5400 yards) for two elderly gentlemen. Many pars and a couple of birdies later I realized I wasn't even thinking about strategy. It was too short. So on the back 9; I played from the Black tees which puts the course just over 7000 yards - now this was proper golf!The course is in great shape and must be played. The twilight rate is $61; which is a huge difference from over $100 which I think it not justified here because of the view. The clubhouse is being renovated so I didn't get to see that. If you're in the Scottsdale area and don't want to drive too far; this is the place to go.
Some of the best pizza around
If you are looking for a store to waste a whole lot of time in; this is it. This has to be the worst Home Depot store I have ever been in. The service is awful. The so called experts have to directed me to the wrong aisle on many occasions. They used to walk with you and at least show you were a product is. Now they tell you what aisle something is in but sometimes they don't really know. Last weekend I was in there looking for something and It took 10 minutes to even find someone to help me. It's like they scatter when they see a customer. There was not one person in hardware and I could not find a single person in lumbar. Another customer asked me if he is supposed to cut his own wood. I finally found a customer service rep and he directed me to the wrong row. I found him again and he once again gave a place to go to find a product. He just stood there not doing anything. Eventually; I dumped the few things I had and left. What a mockery of customer service. Ace is the place to go.
We stopped in for a quick bite on Saturday after shopping-this place is conveniently located at the Pavillions Shopping Center on Frank Lloyd Wright Blvd. I hate to compare Scottsdale Chinese food to my native San Francisco; but I just can't help myself. The pork potstickers were only okay-pretty greasy when they came out from the kitchen. The combination fried rice was overcooked and didn't taste freshly made at all. The single dish we ordered-Chicken with green beans was freshly made but the disappointing other dishes but a damper on the over all meal. Still looking for good Chinese in Scottsdale!
Expensive and not me..
Perhaps 2.5 stars.  I went here twice; and I was satisfied with the chicken fajita burrito.  It's pretty much a chicken fajita already but in a burrito for you.  Grilled chicken; lightly cooked peppers; etc.  Little bland for my tastes but this meal was decent enough.  Besides; not a lot that could go wrong there.  The green chile burrito is reminiscent of your school lunch burrito.  So if you want to know what your high school bully's victory tasted like after he stole your lunch money; rest assured that you had the last laugh.And the chips....banging.  They do do chips very well here.
I had the Salmon Caesar Salad yesterday for lunch and lets just say it's my new pregnancy craving! It was amazing! :)
This place is awesome!  Service and food is great!!
Hubby and I stopped in for ice cream after getting back from Wickenburg. We hadn't been here for awhile. Ordered 2 medium Blizzards and to our surprise the cost was over $8.  They were made well; making sure the candy was mixed well and not all on top or bottom. However; Sonic's is cheaper; and McDonald's is even cheaper. Sorry not gonna repeat-times are tough.
Just went here for my sister in-laws b-day the staff was awsome. We had a party of eight with a reservation at 7 on a busy night and we were seated almost right at seven. The Scottish eggs are great and for the main course I recommend the BBQ white cheddar burger it was amazing it has this garlic aioli  sauce that is so good. This is a great place we will definitely be back
My husband and I stopped here for dinner this evening; after reading several rave reviews on yelp.  We were not disappointed!  We had the Carmela and Joanna pizzas; both of which were fantastic.In my husband's words; the crust/ topping combination was orgasmic. We'll definitely be back again!
I was called by Data Doctors and asked about my problem with the Pinnacle Peak establishment.  Robert; who supervises the Data Doctors; was nice enough to explain that it was a communication problem.  He asked me to come over and he would  help to resolve this problem.  He was extremely helpful and did refund the $29.95.With the new ownership I think they need a little time to get better communicate skills with the public; but I do believe they will make an effort to do this.
How to roll at Pino's.Pino's is one those increasingly rare environs in the USA; a no frills family owned restaurant. First time diners may occasionally get a dose of family dynamic's that don't fit there ethic's or social graces. Hence the occasional negative review. Few people these days understand what it means to work sun up to sun down 6 days a week to make a living. This is the reality of a family restaurant ... you can't always be at your best. I myself have never witnessed any odd behavior; and Pino is the nicest guy you'll ever meet; as is his night time wait staff. Like many Pizzaria's in the New York area; Pino's is  a cafeteria style high volume take out environment M-F for lunch. Learn the ropes to get feed at rush hour or .. No Soup for You!  Ok I'm just having fun here but you get the idea. Afternoons are slower but I usually avoid that time period because of the limited menu. Evening's are when you want to visit for a true Pino's Al Centro experience. 5-8 PM. My friend Matt is a regular over here and lets just say the man can eat. Though him I have learned what can really come out of this kitchen; yes some real 5 star specials. Though him I also learned of the Italian Style Margarita Pizza ... this thing is off the charts; I actually dream of eating this pie. A super huge funky shaped pizza with a super thin crust ... bubbling with gooey goodness ... Oh Baby Baby. Unfortunately its not on the menu. I myself only get one 50% of the time; and never through the wait staff although they say no problem; a regular Margarita Pizza always shows up. (Still very good but not the madman).  My only success is to ask Pino's directly; an if he's busy its not going to happen. The only reason I am sharing this is because if enough of you ask; just maybe; the italian pie becomes a permanent feature on the evening menu. My best success is Saturday's around lunch time when it's slow.Pino's Al Centro is a 30 mile drive for me but I stop in every chance I get. Homemade everything; quality ingredients; straight forward Italian Food. Everything on the menu is a solid 4 star;  a real comfortable family style restaurant with great service and affordable pricing. What's not to like.Buon appetito
Don't know what has changed over the past few months but this is now my favorite location. I come here everyday; especially since its practically walking distance from my house and my drinks are now always made to perfection. Thanks guys; way better!!
Kwan and Wok may be a fast food Chinese restaurant; but I have to say; I was impressed at the quality of the delivery we received!Just en route from the airport after arriving from a few wonderful days in my beloved San Francisco; there is no way princess was going to cook.  We'd passed this place on our way home; so I gave it a go.Mongolian Chicken was the star of the show.  Spiced just perfectly; with long strips of sliced onion-  it was my favorite entree.  We also ordered BBQ Pork Ribs-  again; totally delicious; and cooked to perfection.  The fried rice was pork; and had bean sprouts throughout; which is my favorite way to prepare!  My husband adored the Orange Beef; as well.  He identified it as super spicy; which always works for him.The delivery arrived in less than 30 minutes; and aside from the sort of gruff nature of the person who took the order-  I can't say anything bad about Kwan and Wok.We will definitely be back....
What an amazing event!  I think this was the first time that I couldn't find room in my stomach for everything!The scallop dish was definitely my favorite!  They were perfectly cooked!  I also really enjoyed the calamari.  We had the chance to also sample some of their signature cocktails.  I'll be returning for those cocktails; but this time I won't be sharing.
I went in with really low expectations as this is a chain restaurant and left very happy.  The ambiance is higher scale then I expected and the service was very good.  They offer both low cost and higher end priced meals on the menu.  I went with the vegetarian plate including salad bar.  The salad bar was my favorite part.  I didn't care much for the cauliflower or mashed potato sides that I tried.
Good valet parking.  Great fast friendly service.  Menu was a bit lacking; I was expecting a bit more.  It is very casual with casual fare.  I went with some business associates.  Really cool place for a casual business get together.
My son has been telling me for months now to go to Bookman's; he is a huge book loving fool; and he knows I'm a movie buff so I finally listened to him and off to Bookman's we went.WOW what a great place; you can sell/trade books; movies; games and get some too; and man do they have a big selection!  If you don't have a game plan on what you are looking for; it could get a little over whelming. Hundreds of books; tons of movies; video games for all kinds of systems; N64 (yea baby old school) Cube; PlayStation; Xbox; you name it I'm sure they have it! This is a great local find for my son and I and now that I know what they have; I will have to game plan to find what I am wanting!  Oh and they even have free wifi!
This is hands-down the only place I trust to handle my shoes. They do an amazing job and are excellent with designer repairs. A++ quality and a great family-owned business. As a bonus Neiman Marcus contracts out to them for all the local stores so you can trust the reputation based on that.
Fantastic experience here getting a Polk subwoofer small enough and cheap enough to make my wife happy!  Marc and Jeff were terrific; I'll be back!
This store's a bit disorganized; and the selection of clothes in my size is limited; but they do have a decent selection of home items to browse through.
I chose this restaurant mostly based on the location for ease of getting there from Fountain Hills for somebody who had not been to Arizona before and it's closeness to Sweet Republic.  To get the minor details out of the way.  I was reminded why I prefer tables to booths.  The seating was uncomfortable.  The only  other item was my chopsticks were so warped they were useless and I should have asked for another pair but instead gave up and used my fork.We chose 3 entrees and all were good.  The serving size was appropriate for the target clientele.  If our group was 20 years younger we would have gone away hungry; as it was we ate about 90% of the food served. Now what brings the 4th star is the service.  No heat orange chicken with red chile sauce on the side for me: no problem; Plum sauce on the side for the Mu Shu: no problem; Pictures of the group: no problem.I have had this place bookmarked for some time and now I have been there it will remain on my list of places to go when I want a place to meet folks on the East side.
I like Capital Grille and living in Austin I hadn't been in like 3 years so I was staying over by Kierland and wanted a  place that has great food and wouldn't mind my yappy puggle on their patio.  We called CG to see if they allow dogs and they do.  When we got there another person had their dog on the patio.  The server (Sarah or Jennifer??? very nice; short blond hair) was very attentive and got us some water and also our dog water.  I'm not the type that expects restaurants to do that for our dog; he's content to sit on the ground and have nothing; but when the restaurant and staff do make accommodations for our dog; we really really appreciate it. That being said; they're dog friendly...add a 6 star for that.  The food; amazing like always; calamari was perfectly cooked and a lot of it.  The server brought a sample of a pineapple vodka drink and I liked it so I went with one of those and then also wine.  The porcini rubbed delmonico is the star of this place and it was AWESOME. Wife had lamb and was perfect.  So; another perfect experience for us at Capital Grille.  Good thing we're moving back to valley; so i can eat there more often.
Simply delicious. Fresh and smooth juices- loved the Gold one with greens; apple and mint. Lovely owner- gracious and patient. So happy to have found this hidden gem!!
I first stumbled into Half Price Books Records Magazines not knowing what kind of business it was. Sure; I read the sign; but the name is pretty vague and leaves a lot of questions unanswered. What do they sell exactly? And how are their prices compared to; say; suggested retail? Impossible to tell. I had to venture in. Unexpectedly; I found that it was an excellent used bookstore (not a silk flower seller; as I had thought).With the Bookman's juggernaut several miles away; Half Price scratches the same itch for hunting through shelves and shelves of used books looking for that gem. Personally; I love combing through row after row; looking at spines and reading back covers. And there is plenty at Half Price to pour over. They have an excellent selection of fiction and its sub-genres; and a decent enough selection in non-fiction categories like cooking; history; or gaming. You may not find everything you've been looking for; but on the other hand; you may come away with some new find that you hadn't even known you were looking for. The music and movie selections are relatively lousy; offering mostly out-dated mainstream fare. And in this digital world; half price on that stuff is less impressive. My advice is to stick with the books. The prices are decent; and the selection wonderful. The only real downside is that there is no place to really hang out and read; have coffee; or chat. Those things are a pretty big draw for me; so it's a bit disappointing that I have to just buy my book and go home.
Asia; as well as the rest of the sales staff  and management; were wonderful on the day of my appointment.  I never felt pushed about our budget; the suggestions that were made were very appropriate for the look I wanted; and the selection and price points were excellent.  They helped me to look forward to being a bride for the very first time.  I was; and am; ecstatic about the extraordinary; more than reasonably priced gown I chose.  Based on that single experience I would award love to award Almond Tree 5 stars but unfortunately my experience with their highly recommended seamstress tainted the entire experience.In short; Emma was lazy; sloppy; and rude.  I paid nearly as much as for the minor alterations- modest bodice adjustment; a little hemming; adding a couple of bustles- as I did for the dress without hesitation or question.  So it goes in the wedding industry; right?  What should have been a one trip fitting turned into to three and it STILL was incomplete- threads dangling and snags.  My MIL ended up taking it home and finishing it herself.  Emma made continual excuses and I got very tired of hearing them.  I'm well aware it's a a secondhand dress but there was absolutely nothing a little attention to detail and caring about the job you're performing- and hey; listening to your customer!- couldn't have fixed.  Needless to say we didn't take Almond Tree up on their drycleaning recommendation.AMENDED: I forwarded a copy of this review to Almond Tree as a courtesy on the same day I posted it and Pam; the owner; called me that same night.  I was impressed with her professionalism; sincerity and distress regarding my experience.  She clarified that the seamstress is a third party and not a direct employee of AT but she did not try to make excuses or otherwise place blame.  I believe she took the matter seriously and I greatly appreciated our conversation.  I've changed my 2 stars to 4 stars accordingly.
Lana; you arre truly a great fashion disigner with an excellent future.Each time I bring a garment to  you;  you make it better than it has ever beenand fits me to perfection!!The blouse you designed and made for me was so creative and very flattering to my figure. It was also reasonable and high fashion.Ii am so happy to have found someone who really knows color; design; altering and professionalism.  It is becoming very hard to find someone like you.Thank   yoou
This was a fresh take and a nice change from the normal fast lunches I am used to. One my first visit I asked the lady helping me what she recommended. She said the steak kabobs are excellent and so are the chicken. My partner and I got one of each; lets just say this has become a regular stop for us. Food was fresh and tasty and the staff have always been very pleasant.
After trying another nearby Vietnamese place; I decided to check out something slightly closer to where I live. I love Pho. Period. The other two places I went didn't quite have the quality I've experienced at Pho Thanh. The Pho I've ordered here have just been a tad more consistent than the alternatives. I also enjoy the environment slightly better than the others. It seems more welcoming. Plus; I'm used to it now after several trips here.Pho is also a great meal after a drink or two in a local pub. Always filling and cheap. I took a girl who I work with here and now we've been spending more time together. Coincidence? I think not. Thanks Pho Thanh!
This is NOT airport food! It's wonderful and as good as the regular Chelsea's restaurant - - the chicken soft tacos are excellent.  The service is also very good! If you're at the Phoenix airport give it a try!
The start of my experience here was not so good.  I signed up for my membership and provided a card to the employee who said that she didn't think my card had gone through.  I assumed she knew what she was doing and said no problem.  She said that she would keep an eye on it to make sure that it had gone through and if we had an issue; we could work it out.  Well; my card did process the payment...4 times.  Awesome; over $400 was taken out.  I called as soon as I noticed it and spoke to a few different people that said they would pass on my message and have someone call me.  After not hearing from anyone I took care of calling; and calling; myself.  After 3 weeks; it was finally resolved and I got my money back.  I thank God that I didn't have any important pending items that would have been returned for insufficient funds.  The manager did finally call me back and she apologized and offered some upgrades on my account for the inconvenience.  All is good; until I went to check myself in and my account had been deleted.  Oh man; it was not looking so good for this joint.  The beds; all but once; have been clean.  The staff has been friendly; nothing special; but friendly.I'm stuck for 3 months so I will make the best of it.
Great combos.
I was a hankering some Mexican food; basic fare ya know!  Well; YELP listed Mucho Taco...so why not!  My first impression walking the through the door was somewhat mixed.  The tables were all stacked with dirty plates with the exception of one table.  Now; one could suppose they had a busy lunch time and the food is good; or not.  I chose to think it was good food and a busy location.I placed my order and was provided chips and salsa to snack on while waiting for my meal.  My dish arrived shortly and the food was OK; nothing memorable as I cannot even remember what I ordered.  What does stand out is the counter help was cleaning the tables and the following was observed.My first few bites were OK; nothing special except for the hair in the salsa bowl.  Maybe a forgone warning!  I asked for another salsa bowl before my observations noted below.   As I sat there the counter help was cleaning the tables with a dish rag which we see and most likely do at home; right?  Except the food debris she swept off the table was landing onto the seated benches; large chips; small chips and whatever else was very noticeable.  She neither cleaned the benches or attempted to pick up the large food debris from the seated areas.The green and red sauce bottles were collected and placed on the servers counter along with what perceivably was a full bowl of salsa as she cleaned the tables.  Other salsa bowls collected from the tables were taken to the kitchen along with the dirty dishes. The green and red sauce bottles along with the full bowl of salsa was taken back to the kitchen...follow me; the full bowl of salsa on the table was most likely placed back into a larger vat for reuse later to other customers....if not; then why separate this one salsa bowl and place with green and red sauce bottles??So; I said all that to say this...YOU GOTTA BE KIDDIN...I WON'T BE BACK!
Being a black male; I'm always very picky about my barbers. I just moved to Phoenix not too long ago and have had one barbershop I liked. I went into my old barbershop today on New Years Eve to find it stupid packed -_-So I look for a place close to my job; since I had to work soon. I found this place here on yelp and said why not? I walk in; and its by the far the fanciest barbershop I've been in. Skepticism compelled me; but i still sat down and just waited. I really needed a cut for the New Year Party. Nick cut my hair. And my; he put some of my black barbers back home to shame with how fresh my fade came out; and how fricckin fast he did it. I was in and out in 20 minutes. We talked about my job mostly and he was very friendly. The price was well worth the quality of the cut; and it wasnt more than what I'm used to paying anyway. I was done before I knew it. Very precise; and very efficient. I am definitely coming back here since it will be close to my home and my job. P.S. Nick cut's John McCain's hair. Thats pretty dope. haha
eat.here.now!
What a great experience we had on our FIRST time here.  The service and food were outstanding!  Could not be happier.My husband gets his hair cut next door; at V's; so I met him there for Happy Hour and sat outside.  We were seated immediately.  Our server was very cheery and helpful.  The place is very clean.  Great Atmosphere.  Now; if only my husband could get his hair cut EVERY WEEK; so that we can stop in at RA; life would be perfect!
Wings; Wings; Wings; and more Wings!I have always been a fan of Native on Bell and am disappointed to see so many low star reviews.  The wings have never let me down and the beer is always cold.  Happy hour is the best time to enjoy discounted drinks and if you dine in on Tuesday enjoy discounted wings as well.  Sunday boasts the NFL ticket with many nice TVs to view your favorite team. It would be nice to see it go back to the Bills bar that it used to be.  Keep staying strong Native on Bell!
New Bistro Style Opened today! They now have Starbucks Coffee on Property; new breakfast options; Dinner and Cocktails! Newly remodeled rooms; outdoor area and fitness center. Complimentary wi-fi; business center and a touch screen go-board with local info; weather and up-to-date news. Awesome!
Beer and wings! Great beer selection. Love this place. It doesn't try to be anything other than what it is. Sit at the bar; have a beer; and try some amazing wings. You won't be disappointed.
The ambiance of this place is bright and modern! I love all the bright pastel colors; you cannot help but be happy when you are here! I've been here three times and my favorite time to go is in the Spring sitting outside looking over the park. Whenever the hubby and I go; ordering the guacamole with crab is a must! The guacamole isn't the best I have ever had BUT the crab and the homemade chips put it almost there!I love the presentation and small plates here. We can enjoy lunch and not feel like we are in a coma! The fish tacos are STELLAR; small; homemade coleslaw; and the seasoning of the fish is wonderful!Service is great every time we have been as well.
Good food and decent beer selection. First time I went I had the grown up grilled cheese; it was wonderful! The mix of cheeses; bacon and a thin slice of green apple made it a well blended delight. The 2nd time I had the Carney asada tacos;  they where good also just a little too hot for my taste. They have a few local beers available but for me I would prefer a little larger selection.  Over all good place to hang out. Also their patio is fantastic and the service was spectacular!
Hillstone; while on the pricey side; is worth every penny. The service and food are both above par. Though the name wouldn't imply that sushi is a specialty item of theirs; it should NOT be missed! Also; the crispy fish sandwich is delish as well. The only complaint that I have about Hillstone is the lack of Happy Hour. My girlfriends and I would frequent the place more often for afternoon chat sessions but right now; we would break the bank! Hillstone has a trendy feel - especially the bar / patio area but the service and food prove that this place isn't just here for a minute. Give it a try!
I do love my local Fry's store!  Today was kind of an off-day as the lights kept going on and off...however it was business as usual!  Produce is always fresh and gorgeous.  Staff is always courteous and friendly and funny too!
This is THE NICEST Walgreen's I've ever been to. The staff was friendly; and the store was extremely organize and well laid out. You will not find anything out of place or messy looking in the widely set aisles of the store. It was bright and well lit. The workers mentioned the manager takes a lot of pride in how the store looks; and they put a lot of effort into maintaining it. Corporate Walgreens; take note of this store; and spread the word to other Walgreen's managers in the US!
Good beer selection.   Mediocre food.   I've eaten there twice had the fish and chips which was rubbery and the chicken tenders which were anything but tender.   I'm assuming all the food is precooked then nuked.
Yummy!!!Recently used these guys to cater our office X-mas party; MIHS Card Clinic. The food was great; everyone loved it and the young lady that delivered it was prompt; friendly  and very knowledgeable. We will definitely use them again.Thank You Cafe Zupas.
I have a Canon S90 that I bought over internet.   My daughter broke it; banged it and lens got stuck in out position and was visibly crooked.I went to Tempe Camera and they took it back; after 15 minutes brought back out fixed.  I told them I did not buy it from them; but they refused any kind of payment.
Kind of small place; I feel like. But this was the first and still the best Chili's  I've been to in town. The service was great. The waiter knew what was going on and knew his stuff; suggested a great margarita for a price I deem worth it. The EL PRESIDENTE or something like that. Food is good and had more than one person wait on us which was pretty cool considering we weren't the only ones there. Our drinks always filled. That's the main thing I look for. Not too shabby.
CPK catered our playgroup event; and what a terrific job they did!  Their people were charming and all the food was delicious; especially the linguine; the Thai chicken pizzas; and the wild field greens salad with candied nuts.
You get to buy local; there are always fun event specials every year like Phoesitivus in December and buy organic greens; order grass fed meat if you want to and get all manner of candles and soaps and lotions.  Tamales; check.  Jams and Jellies; check.  Coffee?  Check.  Friday lunch?  Food trucks converge here for a food frenzy unseen anywhere in the metro area!  Go ahead!  Try to find a seat or a truck without a line!  I dare you.
I love; love; love their pierogis. I even ordered a batch to take home and keep in the freezer. I give four stars because I wasn't too impressed with their sandwiches. Just note; the pierogis are only on Wednesday's.
Great food; unique set-up; good music; and friendly service. My boyfriend and I tried this place out for my birthday and we both loved it. Artichoke dip is amazing!
great spot! thank you for the great eats and service
Normal walmart store; this was is usally very busy; long lines
This was a great place to eat. There was no waiting-we got right in and our waiter gave us great service; but didn't hover. The food was great. They didn't have the bottle of wine we ordered so they gave us a more expensive one for the cheaper price. Great atmosphere-will definitely be back!!
I used to look forward to coming here and grabbing a bite; not so much anymore though.. What used to be great service and good quality food has definitely declined as of late; I used to live getting my GF pizza; now not so much.. I made a point to tell the manager my thoughts on the direction they are headed in...
I don't get too adventurous with mexican food; but I have trouble finding places I like and that my fellow diners like. This place is quick; and the food is good; especially for the price. The cheese crisp and sopapillas are great. Also; the service was 5 star - very friendly from hi to goodbye.
This by far is one of the best wine bars around....Have been to both the Gilbert and Arcadia locations and both of them are great.  Was there last  night with friends from out of town; they loved it. Do not go there if you want a full bar..this bar only serves beer and wine!
As often as I go here (about 2 to 3 times a month) I can't believe I haven't written a review! I LOVE AZ88!! I go here for lunch with girlfriends and have the fabulous AZ88 salad with ice tea; or martinis with friends (the best in town!) and an appetizer or two to share. The food is plentiful and delicious; a big step up from 'bar' food; but not fancy and not pricey either. The staff is always friendly and attentive. When the weather is nice; they have a lovely patio that actually looks out on a green belt/park area and not a parking lot! But indoors is also a treat with fabulous art and a modern design. If you go at the holidays you can also see their annual tree in the dead center of the restaurant. Always a wonderful work of art!
If you love sports then your going to love this place.  They have updated and added NEW wall to wall flat screen tvs.  If you like the UFC fights this is the place. The menu is endless with with all your favorite wings and pizza's.  They menu is like no other sports bar.  I've tried their burgers; pasta dinners; sliders and ribs.  What ever you order you can't go wrong!  Check this place out!
Loved this store! The guys working in the store helped me with my daughter's bike. They were so nice and helpful. I'm so thankful to have them in the center!
A true corner place in a strip mall near downtown ASU campus. Cozy; but no problem getting a table. Courteous service. One menu describes the variety of dishes offered; while another is a straight list of appetizers; entrees & desserts. Servers very knowledgeable of preparations and of specialties posted on chalk board. Having had very good Indian food in New York City and its environs; the food here is on a par. The price is extremely reasonable for Tempe. An unusual; but must try are the french fries with tickka massala sauce. By the way; my friends from New York were with me this time & they agree with me!!
This really is a great grocery store for the rich and famous.  And since I am neither I frequent the Safeway up the road more often than not.  However; when I do come to AJ's I love checking out their bakery section.  They have some really talented pastry chefs here that always have some awesome creations on display.  The butchers are friendly too.  Check out their Kobe Burger patties; delicious!
The lobster mac and cheese was the best I have had in a really long time.  My husband had the burger and said that it was ok.It took quite some time to place our order; but we did have over 20 people with us and no reservation late on a weekday.I will be going back!
Delicious coffee and snacks. Vegan options available.
As a guy it is easy to go to a chain but they always mess up my hair. FINALLY I found somebody who knew how to do my hair! Yes it is cramped; not super tidy and small but everybody was cool and friendly. As I was there they were making some aesthetic improvements so they are trying. I am a tough customer and picky to say the least but Manana my stylist killed it. She started off with scalp massage that nearly put me to sleep it felt so nice. Then a great shampoo experience; the set up they have is the best hair washing station I have ever seen. After my hair was done I took my chances on a brow wax( want to look nice for the wife) and again I was very happy. I will be back
I've received enough bad service at this store to warrant giving it a 2 star rating.  The self-checkouts I have found to be unattended on numerous occasions.  Which I wouldn't care about; but when a screen comes up telling you to wait for an attendant; not-withstanding the fact that you didn't ask for nor needed one and there is not attendant around; a bit irritating.  I have also seen the 3 15 item or less aisles all opened with hardly anyone in those lines while they have 1 full service aisle open and people with full shopping carts backed up 5 and  more deep.  A whole of sense that makes.And then there are the occasions when someone has forgotten their wallet/purse.  I would never expect an entire line behind me to wait for me to go to my car to get my wallet - but it has happened numerous times at that particular store where the person says they are going to get their wallet and the cashier has no problem putting everyone else on hold for 5 to 10 minutes.  The worst part; at least for me; is these people take their SWEET old time going out and coming back in.  This happened to me yet again today at this particular store.  I asked the cashier if she was going to go ahead and take care of the rest of us since that person has; for all intents and purposes; left.  No; she curtly replied.  I asked for a manager.  He came over and gave me the same attitude: Well WHAT are we supposed to do? as if my request to start taking care of other; paying customers was somehow unreasonable and beyond belief.  Ummm; you are supposed to start checking out the next person in line; was my reply back to him.  He shrugged his shoulders; went to the register; closed out the sale and then proceeded to check me out.  I was not trying to be rude and really not being rude at all.  As I walked away; I felt eyes on me.  It's a reaction thing; you turn around and look without thinking.  There she was; glaring at me with a look on her face.  She immediately turned around and went back to the customers; but that? Enough.  I called the general manager who immediately apologized and told me he would deal with it.  But; I wanted to hear Fry's policy; if there is such; on such an issue.  I called corporate.  No official policy; but the lady on the phone informed me that that cashier should have closed out that person's sale and moved onto the next person.  The front-end manager certainly shouldn't have acted in the way he did and she basically stated she would not have wanted to wait; either; especially considering it was the only full service aisle open (one Christmas Eve Day; no less).  The term customer service has deteriorated in the last decade or so to the levels we now see them at; especially at large chain stores.
Hot dang diggity dawg; this is as good as it gets!In all seriousness; throw any of your plans for tonight out the window and go to Nick's. Their pizza is superb; their bread is binge-worthy; and the wait is short. Even their plain cheese pizza has a similar taste to my various fantasies of feasts in the heavenly afterlife.They also have a variety of pasta dishes and other fancy Italian things. Whatever. I just love the pizza.
It was the blandest fried rice I'd ever eaten...and it cost me ten bucks.
Loud! But what else would you expect from a sports bar?? Service was attentive; thin crispy chips and guac were unusually good; happy hour times and specials are worth noting; the zipperita blended marg had a little kick to it.  I would return on a Saturday night; but only with earplugs.
Tea Lite Cafe's offers a quick and delicious meal. Located in the same complex as the Harkins 101 Theater; Babies-R-Us and several other large shops. Tea Lite offers a nice meal option for shoppers and business people alike. I recently visited with Gabi M; who is an expert (in my eyes at least) when it comes to Vietnamese cuisine and luckily I was with her to guide me through the menu. I wanted to get a full taste of Tea Lite Cafe; so we ended up ordering the Tea Lite Special which comes with spring rolls; egg rolls and Pho (choice of chicken or beef). This is absolutely the way to go; especially if you're a first timer! It provided a nice variety and was large enough to share. It's also very inexpensive and less than $9 for the entire dish! I thoroughly enjoyed the Pho and added hot sauce and the various spices.  There's not much to say about the atmosphere because there isn't much to the cafe. It feels like a cafe that you'd find in the busy streets of a big city. It's casual; clean and they featured pictures of the menu items on the wall. The service is incredibly fast too! We barely got our drinks and sat down and our food was already being served! It's perfect for a busy lunch hour. The owner was very friendly and helpful during our ordering process. We ordered a decent amount of food and after our meal; I decided that I wanted to try a BOBA because I had never had one before. However; I only had a credit card and they have a $5 limit. The owner was so nice that he ended up just giving me the BOBA because I had already ordered so much. It showed their level of customer service and his gesture went a long way. Meow; what are you waiting for? It's time for you to visit for lunch!
One of my oldest and dearest friends is in town visiting his family and called me at 2:30am asking if I wanted to meet up for a cup of coffee & conversation. I suggested this Waffle House. As always; the coffee was hot; delicious & fresh. We shared a breakfast wrap; eggs and waffles. Server was awesome and the food arrived quickly -- food was yuumilious. I can always count on Waffle House to be there for me when I'm in need of comfort foods and sharing times with good friends. Thanks; Waffle House!
Had chilaquiles verdes (chicken/sunnyside up eggs); shrimp ceviche; and chips n salsa n pico de gallo... All yum!! 3 others had their plate of cheeseburger; 1/2 pollo asodo; and fish taco  & some salmon plate- can't recall the name. All were very satisfied; I highly recommend if u like yummy food; good atmosphere; very helpful/friendly and  knowledgeable staff!!!
I went to Yelp's Cocktail Society at J & G Steakhouse a few months ago and raved to the husband about how amazing it was; so I promised to take him here for his birthday. It was a great birthday! We sat on the patio; which overlooked an amazing view; and got to cozy up next to each other. Our waiter was friendly but didn't hoover and let us enjoy our time together.  The food was fantastic. We got the brussel sprouts to share then I ordered the filet and the husband got the ribeye. Both were super tender and flavorful. (Husband said one of the best he's had recently.) For desert we ordered the tiramisu and J&G also brought out a special birthday treat - a chocolate lava cake. Both sweets were tasty; but the tiramisu had frozen crystals inside - like it was frozen then thawed. Overall; we had a good time and will be back.
I had the falafel and my boyfriend had the spicy chicken wrap. Big portions. Lots of options. Great; friendly service.
This particular location seems to not have as long of a line as others... but of course that could be timing.  Anyhow; I hit up this US Post Office because it is close to my house.  There isn't anything over the top great; nor is there anything so over the top awful.  Basically; it's a post office; people.
Wow; another negative experience at the 16th St. Verizon store today that I have no choice but to write about it.  The customer service is horrible - the man who helped me was RUDE and smug when I explained a problem I was having with my phone.  He actually laughed at me...  wow.  I don't appreciate to be treated this way in any situation; especially in a customer service situation where I am the paying customer.  It may have been Apple's fault that the phone had a malfunction; but Verizon sold me the phone and they should be more accommodating to paying customers.
Went on a team lunch last week; and service was a pretty good.. I had the Hawaiian Ribeye; which was delicious.. I saw the burgers some other teammates had; very tempting.. We ordered dessert and I took the carrot cake.. This slice was about the same size as about 2/3 or more of a cake you can get at Fry's or Safeway; very massive slice!!
This place seriously needs more employees on the weekends.The employees who work here are fine (in both ways - wink; wink); but they are just so overwhelmed with the weekend rush.This last time; I waited more than 40 minutes to pick up my rental because there was a line out the door (and wrapped around inside).I try not to pick up or drop off on the weekends; but sometimes I am forced to rent a car and I have no choice.Enterprise is also far from the most economical choice.  Consider any other rental car company first.  If they're booked or someone else is paying; pick Enterprise.  They'll pick you up (use it)!NOTE: I picked Enterprise due to a body shop paying for my rental and got to drive a Dodge Charger with less than 500 miles on it.  Pretty sweet for a rental; hence the 3 stars instead of two.
I love this teas.  Yes; they are an indulgence.  At $25 a small bag; they are freaking expensive.  However; I got a couple of little bags on New Years day sale; so it was $20 for 2 small bags of tea.  The minimum you can buy is 2 oz.  My hubby was teasing me that you can probably get pot cheaper than that.  But what can you do; I love tea and never care for pot.  They sales people here are great at the up sale.  On word of caution; be clear with the sale information.  When they gave us the sample; they said: Oh; and this tea is at 75% off  I thought score; but since it is a blend of two teas; the other one is not so once you go to get your bag; they tell you it comes up to around 40% off.  I did buy them because those two are my favorite ones and they usually don't have other great sales during the year.  At least I didn't spend $250 in teas like my girlfriend.
I've said before that I'm a fan of Michaels; and it's totally because A) I'm a fan of crafting and B) I am super susceptible to the power of suggestion.  After one walk around a Michaels I'm ready to learn how to bead my own jewelry; start knitting; decorate a cake; reframe all my artwork; update my home decor and create an abstract painting.  I just get excited.Michaels as a company used to have a reputation for being small; messy; confusing; etc.  The newer stores are a big step up from that; and the older stores are trying to be improved by corporate.  This one is new enough that it feels open; it's intuitive; and unless it's the holiday rush; it's fairly clean.  I drive to this one from my home in Chandler just to avoid the location right down my street.Customer service is so-so.  I have no major complaints; but I doubt the employees are greeting every customer or following all of the other handful of guidelines I know they have.  On that note... I have some new glassware on which to go pour glitter!
LA Fitness is all about the hard sell.  You can't use a free trial without first being pushed into a contract by their vulture-like high pressure sales team.  They usually require an orientation before letting you use the pass; which consists of you sitting through the pitch; and then being required to disclose your personal info so they can continue to solicit  should you choose not to sign up.  They truly try to bully you into an on-the-spot no contract reading sign up.  And once signed up; they only allow you to cancel by mail.After you've passed this first hurdle; expect to see them circling again soon after to sell you on PRO Results personal training.  They market it as a complimentary training session to give you pointers to better your experience; take your body composition; and help you set your training goals.  However; in reality; it's just another high pressure hour long sales pitch.  Honestly; their incredibly high pressure tactics are worse than any dealership I've ever been to.  It's a decent gym; but it's hard to feel good about going there when you're shamelessly bullied into it.   Thinking things over or taking your contract home to look over are just not options here.  Be sure you've done your research and committed before you even walk in the door.
Came here for lunch on a Saturday; and it wasn't too busy; unlike their weekday lunch rushes. We ordered the pad thai; pad see ew; and green curry lunch specials. The lunch specials are a really good deal; at only $8 for a large portion; salad; and egg roll! (The salad and egg roll weren't that impressive though)I really liked the flavor of the pad thai (and that it came with peanuts!); but was disappointed because the pad see ew was really over-sauced. The green curry was good; but nothing special. So I would recommend the pad thai. The staff was also very friendly; and there's a 10% discount if you pay in cash!
Keegans definitely has changed a lot since I was younger and used to go there weekly for their pot roast special. The layout is smart and the decor is ultra-modern barish. The service was good; in fact; we felt that our server took good care of us;  but the food was Blah to be kind.This place needs to figure out what it wants to be. If they want to be a bar; then the terrible food is fine; but if they want to be a returant; there needs to be way more quality control in the kitchen. I ordered the grilled flat iron steak ordered medium and I got a seared piece of meat completely cool (RAW) in the middle. So I politely pointed out that this meat was still able to MOOO and requested that it be brought up to temp. It came back a couple of minutes later only to be seared some more with now a rare; at best; middle. I gave up; I really wasn't interested in having a hockey puck piece of meat left after another re-fire. The plate also consisted off what they call a baked cheddar potato which in all reality is some kind of stringy shredded potatoes (Hash browns)  with some creamy cheese concoction on them then they were broiled for a few seconds to crust up the outside. They were very weird; their flavor was almost that of boxed au gratin potatoes and their consistency was that of the inside of a tater tot. In Fact (BREAKTHROUGH) I just came up with a great name for them other than Baked Cheddar Potatoes;;;;;;Wait for it;CHEESY SHREDDED TOTTSAlso note; when ordering the Taproom steak sandwich; what they forget to mention on the menu is that it's an open faced sandwich which can be fine if you know that going in; but we had to ask for a top for the sandwich because there is absolutely no mention of it...Sorry; I wanted a sandwich; not a piece of meat on bread...
I've always loved this theater. Big enough and still be intimate. There are no bad seats on the main floor. I love the feeling of grandeur once you enter this theater. I always feel like whatever I'm watching is going to be good otherwise it wouldn't be performing at the Herberger. I also love their location; 5 min walking distance from the Arizona Center so we can have a great dinner before a show at a nice restaurant without having to stress out about driving and the need to find parking twice!
We were traveling home on Christmas Day from Arizona to California and could not find a place that was open to eat at. Space age restaurant is in the middle  of nowhere so we were a little unsure if we should try it. It was actually good and the place seemed fairly clean and the staff was friendly. We will stop there again on our next trip to Arizona. Thank you space age for the Christmas breakfast!
a friend and i met here for happy hour after work.  we are always trying to find some decent; cheap sushi... their happy hour sushi menu had a decent selection... we were able to order a bunch of different things that satisfied our sushi cravings... however; i would not recommend the vegas roll.. it had quite a lot of breading on it!  all in all; if you arent too picky about your sushi; and you dont want to break the bank; happy hour is ok here!
Very long wait for a mediocre pizza. Not worth the hype. Definitely had better pizzas elsewhere including Phoenix. Grimaldi's in Scottsdale have way better Margarita pizzas.
One deduction for the noise due to the location by the airport; but other than that; this hotel was great. I got the King suite and it came with mini kitchenette; study table; a sofa; and of course King size bed. The price listed for $90/night; including tax; was also covered the free breakfast from 7-9am. The breakfast was pretty good too; it has waffles; scrambled eggs; bagels; fruits; oatmeal; cereals; orange juice; and yogurt. Pretty much it has many varieties; I like it. Customer service was also great; although there was only one lady at the front desk; she's very helpful to all guests. Parking was free; wifi was free; and breakfast was free; I'm a happy customer indeed.
Stopped in last Saturday for lunch. I had seen the signs up for weeks about the place opening and was happy to see it finally was open.  The restaurant was nice and clean; and had plenty of staff checking in on us. We ordered the BBQ spring rolls for an appetizer; those were really good.  They come with a side of this yummy peanut sauce that was pretty darn good.  With our appetizer we got 4 full size rolls that were plenty for the two of us to start.  I must say  that the happy hour was already started around 3pm; forgot what hours they were good from but I believe you get a discount on the apps; and beers were cheap; like $2.50 for even the premium ones.  I ordered the second pho dish on the list; they have two sizes; medium and large.  I ordered the medium and it was really good.  The bowl was huge; I had so much for leftovers I had it for dinner later that night.  My husband ordered a stir fry dish and he said that was good too.  What really stood out was the great service we got.  All the employees were really nice and answered all our questions.  I believe either the owner or manager came out and welcomed us and thanked us for coming in to try the food.  I felt very welcomed and it was nice to get the extra attention.  On cold days like today pho is perfect; so go try it.
awesome donuts! glazed donut holes are great
clean. nice staff. Free shuttle to airport! nice modern vibe. rooms are cool and if you are facing airport can watch the planes come in and out all day and night.  I use a wheelchair and the access was great.
I love this place! I have been going to Nu for years (literally; since I was 13) and I love her! She takes such perfect care of my nails; and she does everything you ask with no qualms about it. Sally; the owner; is a sweetheart; and all of the ladies (and Sally's brother!) all work incredibly hard to make everyone leave satisfied!
Horrible service almost an hour to get our food.  NO discount on our food; but yet the manager had no problem sitting at the counter eating his pot roast.  Not once came by to apologize or comp food.  Complained to corporate office and got a generic all purpsoe email.  Umm yeah about the $25 I blew for bad service; cold food; and attitude.  I was starting to turn my attitude about Denny's thinking they were doing better but they proved they aren't.  THings happen; but when the corporate office can't even call to apologize that is saying we don't care.
Chompie's is a fun place to go in AZ.  My kids saw the Jewish Slider Challenge on Man v. Food so when we were in the area visiting family; it was high on our list of attractions (and there's not much to do in AZ).  The mall that Chompie's is in is not that great (not when you think about the Scottsdale Fashion Plaza...but I digress).  When you walk into Chompies; you think for a second that you've walked into a Jewish deli/bakery in NY.  There are lots of roomy booths. The waitstaff is pretty nice and attentive.The bakery has 2 full cases of cakes and cookies- all of your NY classics- 3 color cookies; macaroons; black and white cookies; jam cookies; canolis.  It's a diabetic nightmare; but so tasty!I've been here 3 times. Had the Jewish sliders every time!  Don't forget to order extra gravy for dipping.  The matzo ball in the matzo ball soup is too tough; but really huge.  I also have had the stuffed cabbage and really enjoyed the tart; sweet; savoryness!
I'm definitely a meat eater; but this place was all right. I had the mock chicken which wasn't bad; I just wasn't very impressed with the bowl overall.I may give it a second try one day to try something else; but there's nothing really enticing about it.
BBQ is done a few diffeant ways and I know lots of people that really like this place but I am not one of them and would not go back.  Nothing was really wrong I just don't like this style of BBQ.
Love love love Asiana! Mochi and tons of seaweed and cool snacks and stuff.
We recently had our wedding luncheon at Fleming's and the service/ staff was fantastic! We worked directly with Lesa.  She was very personable and helped to make the wedding planning process stress-free and easy.  She was prompt in responding to all of our emails and was very accommodating of all of our requests.As far as the food was concerned; everything was prepared to our liking and all of our guests raved about the food which was served.  Some of the stand-out favorites were the Mac & Cheese; the Filet Mignon; and the Lamb Chops. The Fleming's staff helped to truly make our day a memorable one! We'll definitely be back for our Wedding Anniversaries!
My friend and I went there last night for dinner. They closed at 10 during the weeknights which is great because so many restaurants close at 9. It was kind of hidden in the plaza (Its next to Trader Joes). My friend and I shared the sesame chicken and beef chow mein. The food came out pretty quick and it was pretty big portions! All main dishes come with heaping bowl of rice which is awesome! Our server was wonderful and very pleasant!
Last time I was in here I ordered a Hot Hero Sandwich. I even asked the lady at the counter what was in the Hero sandwich. She explained there was salami; etc; etc. plus a drink for $7. Well she/they couldn't get the order right because out came a Gyro wrap. I say Hero you say Gyro. Well I say let's call the whole thing off. I took the Gyro wrap since I was pressed for time. That was definitely the worst tasting Gyro I have ever had. The meat was burnt at the edges and the wrap had what tasted like a garlic sauce in it. Yuk; I won't return.
My parents took me here when I was visiting them in AZ.  I think they love the fact that the beers are cheap...which is nice.  But; I thought the food was fair.  My burger was greasy and over-cooked.  I think the fact that they serve the burgers on paper plates is fine but the place is just DIRTY - I didn't even want to think about the kitchen.  If you go here; DONT even go in the bathrooms - they are totally gross!
I have been here several times now. Every time it has been really good.For starters it is a great price; then they always do a great job.They do nails and waxing as well. Which saves you a lot of time.It is very clean; and the staff is very nice. They are always happy and not complaining about their boss or co workers.They have upgrades but; they don't try to push them on you. Only if you want it. Parking lot is a good size and the bathrooms are clean. I never have to wait very long to be helped. Or not at all.Again did I mention how good the price is?? Awesome!
I know that everyone raves about Pizzeria Bianco...  so I waited my 2-hour wait to get a table with friends and try the pizza.  To be honest - NOT worth the wait.  The pizza was fine; nothing wrong with it at all - but not worth a 2 hour wait.  Everything about this place was fine in my book; but absolutely not exceptional or worth the long wait; loud space and slow order time for the pizza to arrive at the table.
This is a great place for breakfast or lunch.  Their food is VERY good.  When crowded; the food will arrive slowly and for one person at a time....... The staff is very friendly and the prices are not bad.  You can do some people watching while here as it is on Mill Avenue and it seems to be a college kid hang out (don't let that scare you as the crowd is very diverse).
I've had the chance to try several dishes at Rice Paper; with mixed results; but overall this place has solid food and is an overall good experience.On my first visit; I tried the caramelized salmon in a clay pot.  OMG if I had reviewed this place after that one dish I would have given them 10 stars.  The salmon was cooked perfectly (not overcooked like so many places do) and I wanted to lick the sweet reduction right out of the pot.  I also tried a few of the many choices of spring rolls and; to be honest; I don't think you could go wrong with any of them.On my last visit; I tried the braised pork banh mi (sandwich).  It was disappointingly dry and not very flavorful.  The sweet potato fries that came with it were cold.  My friend tried the pho with chicken and liked it; but didn't rave about it.  This trip knocked them down to 4 stars.The service is attentive; and friendly (even though they messed up my drink order; they fixed it right away).  The interior is small but comfortable and I love the beautiful brick wall behind the bar.  I'll definitely go back.  Maybe I'll try the pho next time.
Might be one of the most disappointing  dining experiences in North Scottsdale.  We live in the area an wanted this to to a good go to place; but poorly executed and way over priced.  Dried up meat; bun a size bigger than the patty and toasted dry;  Lettuce wedge  3  high; onion slice a half inch thick on top of the patty;  trying to give the illusion of a big burger I guess.   And absolutely nothing else on the plate all is a la cart.   Waiter said one order of fries wd serve 3; no way;  just a normal size of very average fries...for $5!  We all give this place 5 months tops; so if you want to try it be sure and check that they are still open.  How can you not know how to cook and serve a hamburger ESP when that's your menu and you are charging top top dollar; it's a mystery.   Too bad but that's the chatter in the hood. This place is in for a short run in No Scottsdale; we have too many fabulous restaurant choices .
The Sheraton Phoenix Downtown made for a very convenient and pleasant stay for us.  Our meeting space was at the Phoenix Convention Center about 5-minutes away (walking).  They have the usuals: clean fitness center; outdoor pool; gift shop downstairs in the hotel lobby).  As we were there right after Thanksgiving; all of their Christmas decorations were up and everything was a festive sight!  They have a green housekeeping program where you can opt out of housekeeping for that day by placing a card on your door handle and they will give you a $5 voucher that you can spend at some local hotel spots OR add it as 500 SPG points to your account.  That's kinda sweet if I do say so myself.
Amazing pizza.  Worth the wait
Food took way too long.
Stopped by before the game to pick-up wings and a salad. The wings were like dessert mummies dry with no sauce (we ordered Hot) the antipasto salad was 99% lettuce and no dressing. Try any place else but here.
This palce is awesome. Enjoyed it more then i have in the past. You need to try this spot for some quick casual eats; They now have a blog soit where you can read all the descriptions of the food. I foregt what I order bu it comes on a huge mound of brown jasmine rice and the most fkavorful shisk kebab like chicken. I am a huge fan and it' right in my hood;
Go to to FedEx Office if you need passport photos. I needed one and stopped at this Walgreens after being referred here by a nearby UPS Store. The first Walgreens employee wasn't sure how to work their new camera; so he and Employee #2 went back and forth about that for a minute or two. Finally he used their regular camera to take it anyway. Then; they couldn't print it for me because they were in the middle of an enormous greeting card order which apparently couldn't be paused long enough to print my picture. They took my name and number to call me when that order was complete and they'd printed my photo. Nearly four hours later; I called the store because no one had called me. I stayed on hold four long times while they repeatedly rang the Photo Department; and no one ever picked up. So then I was passed to the store manager; who put me on hold only to come back and say the printing equipment had failed. Uh; and just when was someone gonna call me and tell me this?? Someone finally did call back the next day after they found my pic in their system; but by that time I got my photo elsewhere. Save yourself the trouble and just stick to getting snacks; water; and cards at Walgreens.
In response to my review the owner contacted me; thanked me for my honesty and has changed the method of preparation for the chicken and now serves plump juicy chicken in salads and sandwiches.How Cool is that! I hope to try Timo again. 4-5 stars might be pending.
Inoffensive sushi. Nothing too exciting; but not bad. Hamachi roll was nice; but some of the fancy rolls feel like they are trying too hard.
Well; not sure if my single visit here on a not-so-busy Sunday night (the day before NYE to be exact) is necessarily a typical experience this place can be judged by; but I like what I saw (and drank).Even with the location; I'm actually kind of shocked from reading the reviews this place is actually as crowded as it sounds like on a Saturday night. Even though there's a large bar; pool tables; and couches; I got more a restaurant vibe so I figured it would attract a more casual; early crowd. Although; I will say the Irish pub theme here is a little more upscale and less hole-in-the-wall.Like I said; I was here on a Sunday; when Kelly's has all day happy hour (another reason my experience here was pretty positive). HH at Kelly's is $4 off there fancier normally $10-$12 cocktails & $2 off there normally $6 beers. $4 Kilt Lifters? I can dig it (and I did!).Maybe if I came here for dinner or on a late Saturday night I might have felt differently about this place; but my experience at Kelly's was pretty positive and I'd come back...especially during HH (which I believe is 3-7 Mon-Sat; and all day Sunday).
Breakfast or brunch at lon's is consistently delicious. Good service. Great ambience. Solid menu. Priced right for food and experience.  Go when you have time to relax and take in the experience.
This is the best breakfast joint in the valley of the sun.   I have been here many times and the average wait time is about an hour.... but is totally worth it!Food:  The food here is great!  Everything is freshly made and full of favor!  My favorite is their pork chop with eggs... and you must get their rosemary home fries and wheat toast!   Also thick cut bacon as a side!  The bacon is what keeps bringing me back to this place.   They are thick cut and peppered... 3 slices for $2.95 might be a little pricy but they are really good!  Their daily specials are also very good; most of the time is some type of egg/ sausage scramble.I also love their homemade bread and jam.  Matt's switches up their jam favors.Service:  Their staff is great!  Very friendly and attentive.  But you must prepare to wait... the only time that I didn't have to wait was when I got there 10 mins before opening.   Otherwise prepare to wait at least 1 hour.   They new location is more than twice the size of the old location; but wait time is still very long; especially you have a large group.
I have to tell you; after traveling through Southeast Asia eating a lot of noodles; dumplings; and all kinds of delicious food imaginable; I am on a mission to she'd some pounds so it was great that I was able to order their lobster lettuce cup and have it for dinner (minus the fried wonton chips and sauce) and have it be low calorie; delicious; full of flavor and filling!  My son had their hummus platter and needless to say; he also loved his dish!  All at happy hour prices. My bill came to less than $20. Gotta love that!
I stopped in because of a coupon offer and had wanted to try them out for awhile.  I was pleased to see that there were plenty of menu items and lots of types of smoothies.  However; all the good things about this place were wiped out for me because of the actions of one of the employees.After placing my order and paying; I watched an employee make my smoothie.  As my drink was blending; she reached for an empty cup in preparation for the transfer but she missed and knocked it onto the ground.  Instead of throwing that cup away and getting a new one; she bent down; picked the cup off the ground; proceeded to transfer my smoothie from the blender INTO THE DIRTY CUP; then handed it to me like there wasn't anything wrong.I called her on it; and she proceeded to make me a new smoothie; albeit reluctantly; because she was clearly agitated that I asked for a replacement.It's too bad really; because I couldn't enjoy my smoothie without freaking out just a little bit with every sip.  You'd think it would be common sense move to replace the soiled cup but if that employee didn't care that I saw her drop then reuse my cup; who knows what other unsanitary practices they use out of sight when they prep the other foods they sell here?*NOTE*  This experience happened to me on April 4; 2012; and I have not returned to the business.  This employee may already be long gone...
Anyone who says Phoenix lacks culture has yet to visit Symphony Hall. Symphony Hall reflects a sense of Arizona culture in the sense that the architecture reminds of Frank Lloyd Wright's work. The Hall is beautiful and very spacious. Upon stepping foot through the doors of Symphony Hall; I immediately get the sense of being in a booming metropolis. The staff is friendly and helpful and they even have a local shop where you can buy different gifts. The acoustics at Symphony Hall are very nice and I doubt there's a bad seat in the house. The symphony does an excellent job with their quality and sound level of their music and it compliments the performers on stage...even a cat's meow would sound beautiful! The entire performance center is gorgeous and I think it's a must-visit if you live in Phoenix. You have your choice between the Symphony; Ballet AZ and the Opera so pick your performance poison and discover Symphony Hall!
Wow; this is the most Awesome Beverly Hills Christmas party I have ever been to!It was at Tanzy in Scottsdale;AZ. It  was unbelievably great!Lindsey is the best party planner I have ever met!Tanzy knows how to throw a party.!!! YES!!We had a wonderful room all to ourselves that over looked at mountains at sunset. then on the other side was beautiful palm Trees decorated with massive amounts of white lights. It was so lovely. Our room was decorated with 3 Christmas Trees; and just high end Awesomeness! You were greeted with Champagne when you walked in;from St. Michelle. It was one of the nicest I have ever had. All the Managers were there and the big guy; Larry.They were so kind they all came around to everyone talking to them and explaining the food ;drink and properties. You could really tell that they truly cared about their product. Our servers were wonderful. Issaih and a lovely girl with blonde hair ;( I am sorry I did not get her name). They were even good enough to give us red carpet style goody bags at the end of the night.Lindsey put together a great White Elephant party; Something that I had never done before; but now I am a big fan of it.Now for the food~it was unbelievable how good it all was.It is hard to choose a favorite; it was served true Italian style ;where they just kept bringing out major plates full of food. Anti-pasta;vegetable; Sea Scallops; huge beef short ribs.  Which I have to say was off the chart great!Even filet mingon; with asparagus; and mashed potatoes ; ghonnie.Every single dish was done to perfection.My friend that I brought with is a vegetarian; and the chef came out to talk to her and made her a special vegetarian dinner.Thank you Tanzy; Thank You Lindsey.What a truly awesome evening.
I'm not a big mall fan; but this one is pretty nice.  Good selection of stores on two levels.  Food court with your usual faire.  Overall appears clean and safe.  Parking is a challenge; especially the limited handicapped parking.  Worth a trip to do some shopping if you want to get indoors.
I went to Discount Tire on Pima to ask about an estimate for new tires for my SUV.  I had the unfortunate experience to hit a curb(rather hard) and my tires have seen better days.  The employee(wish I would have remembered his name) who looked my tires over thought I had at least another 10;000 miles left.  I questioned him to make sure....he told me that if I really wanted new tires he could sell them to me but I did not need them.  I love the honesty and will be back when I need new tires.  I was waited on immediately and treated with respect.  This is the place to buy tires!!!
This hotel is listed as downtown; but it should say old downtown. This hotel is in an older section of Phoenix; that seems rather business like; but outdated. Don't confuse the downtown location it advertises with the new; shiny hip downtown where the action happens. I suppose you could say action happens here; it's located next to an adult boutique. The hotel is a little dated; but it is extremely clean in the lobby and rooms. The front desk attendant (Darryl; Darren?) was very pleasant and checked us in quickly. I liked this guy! The cleaning lady was also very pleasant in the lobby; and bid us farewell in the morning. There is ample parking next door. Our room was clean; but the toilet tank was running; the refrigerator was rattling; and it sounded like either the room next to us or below us was doing many loads of laundry stuck on the wash cycle; or the guests in the rooms were fighting with giant light sabres from Star Wars (you know; they make the WAAAAHHHM WAAAAAHHM sound?). The latter noise did not cease from check in to check out. We got used to it. The Internet did NOT want to connect to our Mac devices; and the cable was spotty. All in all; we only paid $89 for our room. I guess we got what we paid for; and I couldn't imagine paying more. I am sure this was a beautiful hotel in its day. Expect to drive to the new downtown or Tempe for action.
This place is right around the corner from me and have been here several fans. Anyone who know me; knows I`m a sushi whore so why write about non sushi items you ask? Well I was more impressed with the non sushi items! Don`t get me wrong; sushi is ok here but I have had better elsewhere.What I did enjoy was the trying the Exit Wound bowl. Super spicy crispy shrimp; chicken and veggies was delicious! Maybe being winter; this was a perfect choice for something that warmed me up and boy it sure did! I am curious about the Classified bowl which is rated a 6 fire on the hot scale; and says on the menu: Do Not Order!!) My Exit Wound bowl was rated a 4 fire!
I've only been to the nail depot once; but I had a great experience.  I went on a Tuesday at 4pm and there was no wait.  They had lots of cute stylish colors and did a great job with the overall pedicure.  The place is reasonably priced; they were friendly; did a great leg/foot massage and a nice paint job.  They also had music playing which I prefer over TVs.
Less than stellar food. Absolute crap service at a time when there was only one other party there. My girlfriend left hungry; because she couldn't stomach the poorly cooked tofu.
Surf and turf burrito is AH-MAZING especially if you get it with the spicy chipotle sauce.  It's a 2-meal burrito.  The chicken enchiladas are also great.  Very friendly and helpful staff too.
Been to this place a few times and I definitely recommend it. The buffet is great and so is the service  I haven't ate here in a while and really need to go back!
I am still not sure what to make out of my Dog's second visit too this place for grooming. Her first experience was a very positive; she was wagging her tail when I picked her up. I liked the fact that she didn't have to spend all day there for simple grooming. The second trip was different though.  I took her in at 1:00pm and picked her up at 3:00. My dog is a very friendly social maltese. However; when I picked her up she was shaking so badly that I thought someone had did something horribly bad to her. I asked the groomer however; she told me that nothing had happened. I then proceeded to go home; and my dog was in nap mood; somewhat lifeless for about 1.5 days. She would not eat; barely would get up; and was even scared to go outside. I called them twice to see if I could speak the groomer; but I never got a call back to explain anything. We can't quite figure out why she was so tired and did not want to leave her bed. Her first experience was nothing like this and I that is why I agreed to take her back. Since I did not get a call back my only option is to give this place is one star. Sorry but the lack of follow up is very unprofessional. I won't be taking my dog back to this place.
My wife and I went there for the first time this morning.  She ordered the Mushroom Hash and enjoyed it; I ordered a Mediterranean Frittata which was quite tasteless; upon paying for the meal; I suggested to the hostess that they add Greek olives or something to give it flavor... the owner went to the kitchen and came back to tell me that the eggwhites make it tasteless... she could have said thank your to your suggestion; but instead defended her chef and the food... like I want to go back to get argued with? not!I'm glad I didn't tell them that it was over cooked to the point of being rubbery and that the use of precooked frozen chicken bits adds a cardboard taste... if the chef defended that preparation of bland stuff; he/she has never experienced the flavors of the Mediterranean.I would have given it less a rating but she only made me mad enough to not go back... and my wife seemed to be ok with her food
I visited this restaurant on a brief trip into Phoenix.  I'm from the South and have had the pleasure of eating at many top notch BBQ establishments throughout the country.  The Barbecue Company is solid BBQ that will hit the spot.  It is not the best I've ever had; but I did not leave disappointed.  The pulled pork sandwich was well cooked and well sauced and the accompanying sweet potato fries were excellently crisped and seasoned.  If I returned to Phoenix and was in the mood for BBQ I would return here without hesitation.
Food is typical of Phoenix Chinese food; very boring. After everything I'd heard of the place; I was expecting alot more.  Was hoping for  along the lines of San Fran; or NYC; ; but no such luck. Will not be back. I agree that portions were big and food was delivered fast; but doesn't make a difference if the food isn't good.
This is not an easy hike. But it's an awesome hike; for sure. If you aren't an avid hiker; my main piece of advice is to STRETCH YOUR CALVES before you start. Seriously. You'll thank me when you don't have debilitating cramps. And bring water; you're going to be huffing and puffing. I entered at the new trail head from the north. There is quite a large parking lot; a small educational area; clean bathrooms and NO RUNNING WATER. This is important to take note of if you plan on filling your water bottles at the gate. There are many steep switchbacks and several beautiful scenic spots. If you're into rock climbing; there are a handful of locations here for bouldering. Getting to the Thumb feels great emotionally; but for me; it was a bit anticlimactic. There is a better scenic spot about .5 of a mile prior to reaching it where you have a beautiful panorama of the McDowells. High heeled shoes may give you great calves; but Toms Thumb will give you a great butt!
Called them today for a light fixture that wasn't working in my bathroom.  That was literally less than 3 hours ago and it's already fixed and done!  Even looked at another quick problem that I was having and resolved it.  Quick call back and quick service!! Great company.  I'll use them again and I definitely recommend them!
Love their Happy Hour Bar Menu! $3.95 for fantastic meals.
Not that many great deals for being an outlet
I haven't had the food yet; but they make a mean cappuccino.
This is the second time ordering from this place and we received the WORST service ever; how else would  receive their menu? They are located on Southern and Power and we are about 1/4 mile past Baseline on Power and refused to deliver to us. The manager (aka Mr. David Johnson??) said that he could no longer help us as it was against corporate policy. I would think 7 subs would make this new location think twice? Maybe since it was 10:45 and they closed at 11 they had more important things to do...
This place is run by a bunch of incompetent retards. I NEVER get what I order; I always have to have them remake it. They are extremely disorganized. It takes forever to place your order because they are running around like chickens with their heads cut off.  I only come here because of the location.
Twas an Elite night at Tanzy;stood a holiday lighted room;filled with smiles and laughter;a celebration of Yelpers in full bloom!Although there were 25+ yelpers and their guests there; the special event room at the posterior part of Tanzy felt cozy and Christmas-y all the same! I felt like we were at a family gathering; but this time with what I like to refer to as our Yelp family; sharing drinks; passing food to each other; and telling stories. Alot were adorned in festive holiday hats; or at least some other holiday accessories; and it really contributed to the warm setting. All that was missing was a fireplace! The white elephant exchange was perfect! We only got to steal once; so we had to be smart about our picks; which made the activity very suspenseful and fun!When I got home to tell the hubby about all the scrumptious food and drinks we enjoyed; I fell asleep telling him; because there were just too many items to describe! I thought the meat platters and bruchetta plates with sides of freshly made mozerella were it; seeing as how the event was described as having light bites! However; the whole train of food just kept coming. Next; there was pasta and risotto. Then; scallops with whipped potato-like parsnips. Then; slow cooked short ribs tender as ever!. And if that wasn't enough; filet mignon made a grand entrance. Amazingly; we still got desserts... I was reunited with one of the best deserts ever... Red Velet Bread Pudding!!! I heart; heart; heart; this dessert! Tanzy also decided to spoil us with a wine tasting; but I think they forgot that wine tasting only meant a tasting. They filled our glasses with Rieslings; Pinot Noirs; Cabs; and I can't remember them all; but they made a point to make our night very festive! They even garnished our night with tropical mojitos and these heavenly concoctions called; Tall Blonde and Savories. I absolutely loved this night at Tanzy! I am so grateful to Lindsey; the Yelp Crew; and of course; enomorously grateful to Tanzy for giving us the opportunity to have a Yelp family initimate gathering at their gorgeous restaurant!
Ill try not to talk it up too much but I have to say it was one of the best dinning experiences I've ever had. My wife and I stopped in and were really surprised on how authentic the inside of the restaurant looked. The meal was perfect and the service was out of this world friendly. Even the owner took time to sit and talk with us and share stories.  I thought places like this only existed in movies. Thanks Zur Kate for the good time and we are looking forward to visiting your fine establishment again!!!
I injured by arm during a work out session; which impacted my ability to work or exercise.  I lost mobility (not to mention the pain) and had to go to a specialist.  I thought given the circumstances; the club would work with me but instead wanted to try to force me to pay an extra month of fees for OTF (even though I was physically incapable of attending) or pay a monthly freeze figure until I could recover.  I was told that it was their corporate policy that they could not budge; but in reading the other reviews; I understand they do have flexibility in how they deal with clients.  This program could be so much better if they would work with people on a more individual basis to avoid injuries and if they applied good customer service principles when dealing with people who are injured in the course of their program.
I just relocated here from Chicago & saw them while driving around. I had a recent exam and new frames; I just needed it filled. I walked in without an appointment & inquired about my insurance & what I needed & walked out less than 15 minutes later with everything taken care of. My glasses arrived in a timely manner & are great. Very nice staff!
In anticipation of what may be my last lunch at Fogo de Chão for a long time (a change in my work location will make this an untenable lunch option); a decided to write my review of this place *before* eating a meal there.Once upon a time; Fogo e Brasa was the churrascaria in Phoenix.  It was OK from what I remembered.  It became Brazillian Bull; and more recent memories seem to conjure up images of salt shakers; salt flats; salt water; salt; rock salt; and even more salt.  Before I ever tried Fogo de Chão; I thought BB was a reasonable option due to its lower price; but after trying Fogo de Chão (which I actually like to pronounce as correctly as I can: shoum with a very soft 'm'); I decided that it would actually be a waste of money; and calorie budget; to go with the cheaper place.So; why is Fogo de Chão so good?Two things: the food and the service.The salad bar and sides are great.  I always like to get a few of their fancy cheeses and the smoked salmon; and a few other odds and ends before my meal.  The Pão de Queijo is delicious.  It's OK to budget space for one or two pieces.The meats are all good.  You do have to be careful; though: if you don't pay attention; you may find yourself with some chicken on your plate; which can take up valuable gastric real estate better used on a good cut of beef or their leg of lamb (my personal favorite).  They also cook them nice and bloody - every once in awhile; they undershoot it a bit; and the sheep jumps off the plate and runs away.  Best of all; they're seasoned well - even if you get stuck with a mostly-outside piece; it's not too salty.The only complaint I have is that they never bring me the leg of lamb often enough.  And the guarana is $4.  A little steep for a can of soda; no?Really; this is quite the fine establishment; and a worthy place to spend ~$40 on lunch.
truly meets the definition of hidden gem.the boyfriend and i have a great sunday tradition. on saturday night we open up Yelp and search for new places we haven't had breakfast at yet and then try them out sunday mornings. it's a great way to learn different areas and discover some delicious food. so; we were looking at the area around us in Chandler and noticed a little pin located within the Chandler airport. it didn't seem possible that there could be a restaurant there so we did some more research and found their facebook page. indeed they were open 7 days aweek for breakfast and lunch. we thought we 'd give them a shot.i'm so glad we did! located right in the middle of the private airport; the hangar cafe gives you the ability to stare at awesome personal places while munching on some serious diner style breakfast. the portions are pretty large; so be prepared to be full. i had the hangar cafe eggs/hashbrowns standard staple and it was great! eggs cooked to order with crispy hashbrowns. the coffee is pretty decent too.i'd recommend getting there while the church crowd is still occupied. it can get pretty busy and a wait for a patio table can take up to 40 minutes during peak times. you want to sit on the patio so you can look at all the planes taxi and take off. this place is also super kid friendly. a lot of the people who own the planes will let the kids approach when the engines are off to take a peak inside. really a whole lot of fun for the kids or the kid in you :).
We filled out the paperwork and made sure several times that they would be there for in-home pet sitting for our dog. They never showed. Our dog managed to hold it the entire weekend. I don't know how it feels to have to hold it for an entire weekend; but our dog does thanks to these people. The worst part was that they only gave us a half-hearted sorry when we called them. Be careful doing business with these people.
I've never been to the restaurant.  Only the bar.Now; there are A LOT of bars where I live.  Great bars; good bars; dive bars; crappy bars.  The choices are endless.  Since I work full time and go to school full time my time and funds tend to be limited.  When the funds are especially limited the choice is clear: Macayos.Here's why: Macayos' happy hours makes my last few dollars last.  Drinks are cheap and food is free.  That's right kiddos; free.  Because every college student appreciates an establishment that does not make them choose between booze and food this is very important.  Now; is the the best food you've ever had?  No.  It's free; stop being so freaking needy.  It's good; even great for what you just paid; which I'd like to again remind is nothing.  During the week the bartenders are friendly and attentive.Friday nights this place tries to turn into a club and is overrun with older women freshly released from their cubicles; on the prowl.  It's a little alarming.  So I tend to stay away.But during the week it's relaxed; cheap; and friendly.  Who can ask for more?
The aromas of fish permeate the air as you walk in this place.  I can't say that is a good thing or a bad thing because I love fish and there seemed to be plenty of it but I don't want to smell it while I'm purchasing chicken!  LOL   Love the idea of separating regional foods in each aisle; i.e.; Filipino food in one aisle; Thai products in another aisle and Indonesian favorites in another;  it makes it easier to get the right stuff!Its the place to go for boneless chicken thighs!   Can you say - FLAVOR BOOST FOR ANY CHICKEN REQUIRED DISH!
coffee.. and hot chocolate.. All i needed on the cold night downtown =)
Clean clothes. Served with incompetence. Smiles only go so far. Staff are clueless. Management is worse. Three visits; questions unanswered; lost items; wrong info in my account. Need I say more?If you can use the self serve machine outside...Go for it. Otherwise skip.
Had dinner here last night and was very impressed.  First the food: had the green chili beef burrito and was very impressed.  Next time looking forward to trying the chili relleno.  Next the service: very attentive staff; not only our waitress but the entire service team checked in on us throughout our meal.  Very courteous.  Finally; the atmosphere: this is a very unique setting with indoor seating; patio seating; and a pond the restaurant is built around where the kids can feed the ducks and swans.  Very well laid out and thoroughly enjoyable.  Can't wait to get back for more!
Our fav spot for happy hour! We always order the hot wings and a blue moon... The manager is usually here and always comes over asks how we are doing...
I LOVE this place. The food is always good and I have never had a problem with the staff. Their chips and salsas are amazing. I visit here wth my family often and its alway been great.
I decided to try it out; I'm celiac and therefore can only eat gluten free...They have an easy to understand GF Menu with anything you can possibly want.I placed my order online and picked the exact pickup time. I cam and my food was ready for me. Driving home the smell in my car was so good I could barely wait to get home and try it - true umami!I got home and dug into the delicious spicy chicken and rice with sugar snapies and carrots. It was superb! For $9 I will definitely try this again! I did see a huge line at the store; so try doing an online order and pickup forsure!p.s. they even include GF soy sauce!
This place has great food. I have never gotten anything that wasn't good. The atmosphere is cozy and inviting. There salsa is so.... Good it goes  in everything. My favorite is a chicken burro juicy yum.
This place is good; but not great.  I liked the outside patio and the burger was tasty; but they messed up our order and we had to wait a while before they got it right.  The burger was tasty and seasoned well but the fries and onion rings were mediocre.  I am glad we stopped in to try it; but I won't go out of my way to go back.
The pharmacy here is very incompetent; and I have run into countless problems here that I have never experienced at another Walgreen's or any other pharmacy.  Every time I have a prescription filled or transferred; they make a colossal mistake.  Today was for sure my last time using them (or TRYING to use them).  I do not recommend going here; especially with so many other options nearby.
Authentic Cantonese restaurant with great Dim Sum.  I was there when it just opened and frequented it when it was relatively new and I haven't had the chance to visit for a few years so hopefully things haven't changed.
I have been eating at Pita Jungle for over three years and it never gets old. Love the caribbean salad; the pizza's are amazing and the hummus and pita bread are the best! This along with the great service will make me return for years to come. A little pricey which is the only thing keeping me from the full five star review.
This place when using their coupon is an amazing value.
These donuts are unbelievable! The most amazingly mouther-watering donuts I've ever had in Arizona! The people are always with a smile and very friendly. I needed donuts on Christmas Day and they were open and ready to supply to my hearts content! Excellent!
After years of wanting to try this SOOO popular place; I finally made it here today for lunch; joined by Arlin B. & Mike C.Our pizzas:*  1 WISEGUY - Wood roasted onion; house smoked Mozzarella & Fennel Sausage.*  1 BIANCOVERDE - Fresh Mozzarella; Parmesan & Ricotta cheeses & whole argula leaves.*  1/2 MARGHERITA - Tomato sauce; fresh Mozzarella & whole basil leaves.*   1/2 SONNY BOY - Tomato sauce; fresh Mozzarella; Sopressata (a fancy salami) & Gaeta Olives.All four kinds of pizza came on very thin crust; a little crunchy to hold its body well; & the toppings were thin as well...  perhaps 1/4 inch thick.SO?; you ask.  I'm glad you asked that!  All four of these pizza types were unusual and very delicious!  I loved them all.Only 4 Stars?; you ask.  WELL...  These 3 pizzas; with nothing else and only water to drink; gave us the right amount of food to eat well; but ran up to around $60 with tip for three diners having LUNCH!Yes; one could argue that they aren't charging ENOUGH; since this small place filled up shortly after we arrived at 11; & there were a number of people waiting outside to get in; plus; perhaps; people in the bar next door; by the time we left.  In any case; I think BoomBozz in Gilbert remains the best pizza feast in the Valley;...  at 1/3 the price!     :-))
Great; friendly service.  I came here when I discovered a nail in my tire and I was in and out in about 35 mins; which is really quick in my book.  Thank you Discount Tire!
We have been talking about going to Las Noches de las Luminarias for the past three years; but it sells out! This year we made it and wow; it's amazing... all of the volunteers are so happy to be there. We arrived at 5:30 and parking was easy and close. We got to see the sunset and it was beautiful. I wish someone would have told me to wear tennis shoes; warm clothing; and a time frame. I didn't know it takes about 2-3 hours to walk the entire garden and I had on a skirt and heals as we had dinner reservations at 7. My fault!It's sectioned off with different types of music: steel drums; bell ringers; carolers; mariachi band; and more. I think we will take our family members there next year for their Christmas presents as you can also drink and dine there as well. Now I can't wait to go back to see the garden in the daytime! The luminaries were gorgeous and very romantic too! I didn't expect all of the abstract art; so it was a bonus!And they have numerous scooters and wheelchairs; so bring those that normally wouldn't be able to walk. This place is very accommodating!
I'm surprised with the high reviews for this place. Although our server was nice and my sweet brat was decent; it took far too long to get our food. My boyfriend also got food poisoned from their spicy brat. My iced tea tasted like water; and the water I got tasted like dishwater detergent. One star for the Belgian fries; which were excellent. Won't be returning and I don't recommend this establishment. There are far better places to eat at.
Hipster coffee bar in the airport. Just ordered an iced coffee and it was on point. No frills; no other bullshit like Starbucks does. Customer service was uber friendly even when I looked like DEATH from waking up at 4 in the morning to pack and leave for my 6am flight. Love that they had the liquid sweetener for iced beverages too. yum!
Absolutely the best in AZ. Owner is always available and the readily take care of customer. I have referred all my coworkers. No complaints from anyone.
Ate at Papaya Thai in Tempe  awhile back; loved all the food. Tried the sister store in Mesa today . Thinking they changed owners this was not same quality of food we had before! Chicken Patay oily and peanut sauce a blob. Won Ton soup old and tasted like canned Chicken Soup; spicy Seafood should have been called Spicy Veggie for lack of clams; mussels and shrimp. Only good dish was Chow Mien chicken with special Papaya sauce . The server didn't get our drink order right but after asking twice for 2 diet cokes and hot tea we got 1 of each! It was not busy 2 other tables besides ours and food came out fast! Thus1 rating I wish we just passed this one up!
Drop your lunch plans; and go here instead. First; the wings are huge. Second; they are fried absolutely perfectly. Extra crispy skin; but the meat is juicy. The sauces are great as well. Don't expect fine dining; but for what it is (a wing shop); it's the best you'll find.
Wonderful; wonderful; wonderful!!! This is a great local restaurant that you should experience. The staff is wonderful and friendly; the setting is quaint and the crepes are to die for. I had a breakfast crepe and e en though it was pretty filling I had to order another type of crepe just because it was so good.
Had Dad's catering at a Christmas party I attended and even for free food I felt ripped off. I would have brought a lunch that day if I knew that I would be eating canned green beans; undercooked scalloped potatoes and cheap packaged rolls with whipped spread. The little desert trays were good at least; and the staff was friendly enough; which is why I bumped it up to two stars.
Back from Phoenix; and still can't stop thinking of The Bear! Once you get past the novelty of the peanut butter and the crackerjack; the trio of the smoked gouda; bacon; and bbq sauce make an incredible topping! I had my dog sliced up and with no bun; so each piece was just smothered in all that lovely mess; where the dog (nitrate free btw!) had enough delicious flavor to stand out as well!Just heaven!
This review is strictly for the portrait studio. One word..CHAOS.I received a gift session and I was more than happy to get my daughter's first Christmas cards done. It was a mad house from the second we stepped into the studio.I understand it's the holiday season; I get it..really I do. But booking a session at a certain time; should fall within that time-give or take 10-15 minutes. NOT 90 minutes after that time.I had a 5 month old infant with me..and lets say she wasn't happy sitting around; waiting for 90 minutes; to get a very sour; overworked; and probably really tired photographer.No guidance; no instruction or attempts by this person to work with my kid. Plop child on this dot; snap picture. Yes my daughter was fussy..but YOU guys were late..what happens? I ask if I can feed her; only to learn; that our slot has been taken and we have to wait again. WHAT?!Now; our second photographer was a thousand times better which is why I added another star. He really did all he could to get our daughter to smile without seeming angry or bored; or upset. But like I said; 90 minutes with a child waiting; and your not going to get a happy baby in pictures. The person who then tries to pick poses and templates with you was just not...professional. She was suggesting the most horrid pictures possible. Nightmare!I stuck around because it was a gift; and I was not going to be ungrateful; but I will not be using this studio ever again.
Last night; my husband and friends dined at this location.  From the valet to hostess to server; we have never had a more enjoyable experience at a restaurant.  It was truly a VIP experience!  Our server; Ricky Reyes; thought of every detail - was attentive but not intrusive; knowledgeable and generous.  He was remarkable.  We were in the restaurant past closing and were never once pressured (or even aware) that we were the last patrons.  Each member of the team in (and out) of the restaurant were absolutely amazing.
My husband loved this place so much; he went twice in 1 day.  He went there for lunch.  When I got home from work and said I was too tired to cook; he offered to pick up food for dinner.  I got the combo dinner (gyro and chicken).  I am a fan of the chicken; hummus; and pita.  The gyro meat....NOT so much.  I am never a fan of the gyro always.
Given how great this place was in the past; we keep going but haven't had a good meal here in over a year. But it's still okay American-style Chinese food.
Interesting the negative reviews; it seems they are inconsistent right now.  Wifi was fixed; staff was clean; hotel was fairly clean.  I had a great experience.  They had two hockey teams in for a tournament; plus whatever else to sell out the hotel.  but; they still got us an early check-in; and late check-out.  Yeah; ok; I noticed the emergency exit signs had not been dusted.  But; our room was clean; the lobby seemed clean.  I will say; they had used some white/cream carpet upstairs in the foyer area - showed dirt really bad; but I think that was a carpet selection; not a cleaning; issue.  Outdoor pool was heated - it was nice.Only issue - I am not sure if I have stayed at nicer DoubleTrees; or they are changing the brand standard; but the restaurant & bar were not much above a Best Western.  The breakfast was only a buffet; and the restaurant was really just a bunch of tables in a hidden away part of the lobby.  The staff in the restaurant was great; but it was not what I have seen in the past from DoubleTree.  I am used to separate; dedicated areas.  Maybe I am begind on brand standards.  It's like three minutes from San Tan Village; and they have several places open until 2 am; so we were still able to meet friends somewhere to drink.Totally would stay here again.
Y is this place closed? Didnt pay rent?
I really enjoy the food and atmosphere at Over Easy. I had a cup of coffee and the spinach benedict with hash browns. My hash browns were done perfectly; but one of my eggs was hard poached. I really look forward to breaking into a perfect runny poached egg yolk with my benedicts; and when I told Laura the problem; she was quick to ask the kitchen to poach me a new egg. The menu has a great variety of high-quality food.
It was New Years Day; and bf and I were driving back from Flagstaff craving BBQ. We managed to miss the exit off the I-17 to go to one of the bbq joints up in Anthem; and when we tried to go to another nearby bbq place (Pork on a Fork) they were closed. Finally; we found one more option that wasn't too out of the way; Campfire Bistro! It's close to the Ice Den where I spent many a Friday night in middle school; so it brought back fond memories of singing to Smash Mouth and Backstreet Boys while ice skating with friends. When I realized this place was in a gas station; I was skeptical but hopeful. When I walked in I was surprised to see what basically looks and feels like La Grande Orange-it's in a market with upscale cool things to buy like wines; cheeses; meats; and fun tchatchkies to look at and play with. There's a register counter near the front when you walk in; and Campfire is on the righthand side of the shop further down from the entrance. It's easy to find once you're in.They have a seating area near the soda fountains (COKE PRODUCTS; SCORE! they even have cherry coke from the fountain!); and there is a wonderful display of BBQ sauces with pretty dead-on descriptions of the flavor profiles of each. There's to-go ramekins for you to squeeze the bbq sauces into; and of course bf and I took at LEAST one of each. They let us borrow a sharpie to label the sauces so we would remember which was which; that was way helpful!I was immediately attracted to the BBQ tacos-they came with a choice of pulled chicken; pulled pork; and brisket; and they come in an order of 3 and are served on flour tortillas (YES!). When I saw that there were 3 meat options and you get 3 tacos in the order; of course I asked if I could get one of each taco; which the cashier happily obliged. Bf ordered the same thing; plus a pulled chicken sandwich to have for later which came with chips. Tacos didn't come with a drink or chips; but they were under $10 for three of them; and they were all very tasty! Tender; juicy meat on a soft; fresh tortilla with salsa and some other goodies sprinkled on top.Bf agreed that all of them were delicious; and I think we both decided the chicken is the winner here. All of the bbq sauces were good; though the spicy ones were VERY spicy! Cheap; delicious; creative...I will be back!P.S. I noticed after I ordered that on the menu board; in VERY small print; that they offer BACON WAFFLES. Um; why is this not the main attraction?! Why not put it in bold letters and let the world know you offer this?! I definitely need to try these!!!
My friend and I had appointments for blow-outs at the Phoenix location and unfortunately when we got there the hot water heater was broken!  So the owner; Melodi; offered us complimentary makeup applications while we waited for it to be repaired.  The artist did an amazing job on my makeup and was so sweet.  The hot water heater still wasn't fixed so Melodi offered us free thermal styles with the curling iron.  Our hair looked so glamorous and when we went to dinner with our husbands that night they couldn't stop telling us how great we looked.  I was really impressed by how Melodi handled the situation with the hot water and I would definitely; definitely go back.
This place was awesome and if you are a baseball or diamondbacks fan; and you like fridays; you will be in heaven. I had the Chicken and Cheese plate; got more than enough food; and had excellent service. The view of the field is amazing; and I highly recommend eating here.
I have yet to be dissapointed with the service here. When I call or come in I am greeted by name; which just makes everything better from the begining.The lunch specials are a little more that some places; but not by much and they are well worth it. I don't know if there are any resturant unique items that they have; but they serve the usual Chinese food; just at a better quality. If you are looking for a good lunch; try the Mongolian Beef or Sweet and Sour Chicken.A must have is their Crab Puffs; these have more flavor here than I can recall having anywhere else. Try them and love them!
It was brand new when I stayed there and I had a great experience.  Very convenient to other restaurants and the stadium.  It is like a mini J.W.; not quite as small as a Courtyard though.
Really terrible experience. We waited about a half hour to be sat for a party of 4; which wouldn't be so bad If we didn't walk past 4 empty tables on our way to be sat. There were at least 6 open tables in the restaurant while we were waiting. Our food took forever. Our appetizer came out with our meal and was cold. Our waitress was supposed to tell us about the gift cars deal which she did not; and the card on the table said if they forget they'd bring a free desert; and it never came. Wouldn't return solely because the service was AWFUL.- Victoria Shaughnessy
Tried this place for the first time.  I had the gnudi and it was really good.  It had lots of veggies and great flavor.  The atmosphere was nice too.  I'll be back!
I'm from Massachusetts.  Dunkin Donuts is our diet!!!!
Had shrimp was really good and burnt but good Burnt like french food :) empanadas were good as well as the mussels. The waiter also gave us a sample potatoes which were different I hear their corn bread is good. I used a groupon so be on the look out for deals like that. Shout out to  Kevin and chewy thank you so much for jumping my dead car battery will be back :) Outdoor seating is nice as well since they have heaters ;) The place is small and intimate
Chicken enchiladas were terrible - could tell they were cooked and left to reheat under a heat lamp. It was boiled chicken with no flavor wrapped in soggy tortillas with a pretty standard cheese sauce. The rice tasted like it was microwaved. The waiter kept leaning over me instead of walking to the other side of the table. He didn't replace the silverware from dinner when we ordered dessert. Disappointing food and service.
DO NOT TAKE YOUR CAR HERE!! They put 4 new tires on my car instead of 2 and it took 5 hours. Instead of crediting me or fixing it right then; because they did not have time; gave me coupons for a free oil change. I brought my car in for an oil change at 8:30 in the morning and at 10:30 it was still parked in their lot untouched. They lack professionalism and are extremely rude to customers.
I like the atmosphere here...  its a little loud at times but that's a sign if a good time!The food wasn't bad but it wasn't great either.  But I may stop in for a drink next time I'm in town.
close to work. food is really tasty and large portions for price.
2 strikes; you're out.  While I can easily tolerate the lack of quality control in the procedures I get there; Empire Beauty School can't seem to get appts right... which is not acceptable.  Last time; I scheduled with my preferred student and when I got there; that student was in class and it took them over 30 minutes to find a replacement.  Then; they stuck me with a girl who gave me a pedicure that was worse than one I could have given myself or that any of my friends have ever given me.  She was nice though... probably just new at pedicure and manicures.  This happens sometimes at beauty schools and is expected.Today; I scheduled with my same preferred student but when I got there; he was busy with another client because they had me down for an earlier time than I'd scheduled 9even though I'd called a week in advance for the appt because today I'm going to a Christmas party and wanted pretty nails for it).  I believe that confusion happened because we had originally discussed the earlier time but then; during the SAME phone conversation; I said that I'd have to get a baby sitter so I'd need the later opening. Despite that; they scheduled me for the earlier opening.  Still; I wasn't irritated until I waited OVER AN HOUR for a replacement and still had nobody.  So I left.  I looooove paying a babysitter and then showing up to messed up appt times.  I don't mind if they switch me around and things aren't perfect but today's hour wait was way too much.  An added insult is that the students at the desk had talked to their manager/teacher and she didn't care at all.  Very unprofessional... which is ok from the students but not the staff.At this point; I cannot recommend Empire Beauty to anyone who has a schedule or has to pay a sitter while they are out.  Won't see ya there.
Great place to take the dogs and get some exercise!!
Best fresh lunch you could have in downtown Phoenix!
My husband and I were enjoying a rare night out. We decided to eat at a nice restaurant prior to going to the Suns game. My daughter had recommended Copper Blues. We were both looking forward to trying a new restaurant.Our evening began with our hostess sitting us on the patio. Didn't catch her name; but wish I had. She was great! She took the time to wipe down our table and was very friendly. Our waiter was another story. When we questioned the size of the pizza on the happy hour menu; he was very short with us and said it was the same size as the regular menu. I was a little taken a back by his attitude. I smiled and explained that it was our first time there and we didn't know how big it was. He barked out 8 slices. I really felt like we were imposing on him. Then he made a comment about happy hour being over (it was 6:01). I told him we had been sitting there waiting to order before 6. Grudging he mumbled something that sounded like he would do us a favor and let us have the happy hour specials. My husband and I decided to order burgers instead as 8 slices was too many for the 2 of us. He left.Shortly thereafter; a very nice young lady brought us our water; even checked if we had enough lemon. That was the last we spoke with any help for 30 minutes. Finally ;the waiter stopped by and asked how we were doing. We explained we hadn't received our food and asked how long it would be as we had tickets to the Suns game. He hadn't even noticed we didn't have food!He left. About 5 minutes later; as he was walking past our table; he stretched over and placed our forks/napkins on the table. All the while chatting with the customer at the next table and grabbing their payment. He then checked on a large group. Not once did he say anything to us about the delay with our food. We waited another 10 minutes and still no food. My husband had finally had enough - we left after 45 minutes of waiting. As we were leaving; another hostess was at the door. My husband told her we were leaving as we never received our food after 45 minutes. She perkily beamed at us and said I'm sorry in a whatever type attitude. I lost it then and told her the service was horrible and that I was in the process of posting about it on facebook. She just smiled. I had to walk away. My husband tried explaining to her; and she was as oblivious as the waiter had been in not noticing we had no food when he checked to see how we were doing. I don't usually give bad reviews. But this experience certainly warranted it. I have worked in the service industry and I understand things happen. But the place wasn't even that busy. People were drinking; but not much food was being served. No excuse for the food being late. And absolutely no excuse for the rudeness of both the waiter and the 2nd hostess.The server really missed out with us. As someone who has worked in the service industry; I tip very well. Looks like I saved some money on this guy.
While I appreciate the craftsmanship of places like Humble Pie and Parlor; I've been coming back to Peter Piper for over 30 years. I think the blend of cheese on the New York Three Cheese pizza is excellent. I'll get the grandkids a large pepperoni; and I'll savor the Three Cheese for myself.I prefer the 7th and Osborn PPP because they still have the old-school rotating oven; which I think produces a better pizza than the newer chain-drive ovens that pull the pizza through the oven with no human intervention. I like watching the pizza makers slide the oven door down and pop down the bubbles in the crust as the pizza cooks. Just like Chef Bianco!When my wife got the sex ed talk from her mom; she was told that sex was something you have to do to be married. She has no use for Peter Piper; and tells me that Peter Piper is something she has to do to be married. Well; tit for tat: I have to go to her grandniece's awful birthday parties in Anthem; so she gets to dine at Peter Piper from time to time.I'm docking it one star because of their crappy selection of cheap beer.
Really enjoy this place a lot. Great atmosphere; and it is clean; clean; clean. The food is good and the service is okay at times. Great to come during lunch because its not so busy.
We found this place on accident when Olive & Ivy was packed one night and could not have been more pleased! First; the decor is awesome. It's sort of this rustic yet contemporary Cape Cod look and the bathrooms are the best in the city! The service was perfect and the food-- even better. I got the trout with fried spinach and some sort of cheesy vegetable side dish that was amazing. My boyfriend got the spare ribs with mac and cheese. It was equally as good. On and the desert! The trio is a perfect way to end the meal and everything was so good. This is the perfect date night location.
Because I'm really just a (slightly) overgrown 10 year old girl when it comes to food; I am always craving a grilled cheese. I remembered reading an article on Chow Bella about places that rock at grilled cheese sandwiches and OHSO was on that list. So last week whilst seeking a grilled cheese and not wanting to surrender to Sonic or 5 & Diner at such a late hour; OHSO popped into mind.I; indeed; ordered the grilled cheese and truthfully it was good but nothing special (keep in mind I am vegetarian so I ordered it without the bacon that normally comes on it). However; the side salad I ordered was DIVINE. For a such a small salad I was not expecting such a variety of flavor but it was peppery; sweet; tangy... complex. Very; very good. I only had one drink (framboise) but their beer selection was quite good. I noticed they carry Sonoran Brewery's White Chocolate ale which is my all-time favorite. (Sidenote: mix the framboise & the white chocolate ale for ultimate decadence)The atmosphere is surprisingly cozy - like a little hip cabin with bicycle parts on the walls instead of taxidermy and country lyrics on plaques. I can't quite remember why I avoided trying OHSO for so long but boy have I been missing out all this time. I will definitely be back.
If you're looking for 100+ food choices; waterfalls; sculptures; beautiful scenery; wifi; etc.. You might wanna keep moving.But if you want a cozy mom & pop Chinese buffet; pull up a chair here..! For a Chinese buffet; there aren't too many choices; but what they do make is excellent compared to some places I've eaten at.. Best fries in the Desert; just one of their fries looks like 5-7 fast food fries lumped together and deep fried; they are that massive and delicious!The sesame chicken has a shell on it that is solid; but not rock hard.. It's more like a delicious crust on it..The price is awesome as well; only $7.25 for Dinner buffet (drink is $1.75 extra) per person.. Less for Lunch buffet..
Every experience is going to be different based of the person's mood that day or your definition of what you expect during a transaction.  Arizona Federal is charging a membership due for $3 per month for access to all these amazing services that we were already receiving!  Don't get fooled; the fee is to earn money.  You are getting any expertise by talking to the employees; you can do all the work yourself on the internet.  If you have to wait in line; too bad as the Branch Director does not care as because they want to only use electronic options.  They wasted a bunch of our money changing the Ahwatukee branch that no one uses.  Poor training; poor execution.  The culture of Arizona Federal is gone to downhill.  of course you will still get some great employees that are smart; willing to help; but can only do so much like any other company. Unless it is a Credit Union mistake; don't expect to get what you want as they have become money hungry and if you notice they like to called Arizona Federal. It is not a mistery why they dropped the Credit Union part from the name; because they know they should be called Arizona Federal Bank!
Short Story tasting menu was 5 stars.  6 courses scallop; soup; fish; and amazing buffalo.
Arrived at 10:30am and couldn't decide whether to try the lunch menu or the breakfast menu. I scanned the menu and hit on the Strawberry Belgian waffles--BINGO!The waitress was super friendly. Mark (or I assumed so from his likeness to the Mark drawing on the menu and on the wall) was busy cooking in the back; singing softly along with the mellow background music. The ambiance was like a very laid back diner. As I looked around; I was amazed at how the coffee cups; dishes and the ladles hanging on the wall in the kitchen gleamed. They aren't even that clean and shiny in the kitchen stores when you buy them. There were only about 5 customers in the cafe during my visit; but it looks like they can seat about three times that many customers at a time. Prices were about the same as other breakfast restaurants (like US Egg or the Good Egg).The waffle arrived hot and crispy on the outside and fluffy on the inside; with hot strawberry compote and whipped cream. On the side was a small cup of more hot strawberry compote and soft butter.  I will return to try other menu items. If they are all as good as today's food; then Mark's will be a regular breakfast stop in the future.Mark's Cafe is located in an Albertson's shopping center on Rural and Guadalupe with parking right at the door.
I have been coming to nousha for over 5 years now. She is great. She does everything for me from my colors to eyebrows and she does a great job every time. She is not just a beautician ; she is a magician. She make me look great EVERY time.For the last 2 years I have been bringing my picky teenager to her also;and my daughter loves her. She is great with kids.To top it all  her prices are great. I promise if you try her you become a regular customer and will not go anywhere else.Thank you nousha.
Amazing bartenders and waitresses.  Great food.  Plenty of football.  Awesome prices;  Chill atmosphere.  Best cheese fries in the neighborhood.
CK's is a great place.  Lots of TV's; very good service; very good food; large portions; friendly staff.  It is simply a consistently good meal and a good price with good service.  Not a knock your socks off kind of place;...but consistently good all the way around. The live music we've experienced is fair;...kind of loud; we usually are ready to leave when they start so it works out well.  Great happy hour deals!!  I'd definitely recommend CK's overall;....even with kids;....a really good; solid; happy; affordable; quality place.
Dim Sum review only***Food is a 4-star rating; but the location and the decor of the restaurant isn't as pleasant. Located in the corner of the a big strip mall; you can't believe how big the restaurant is from the outside; which has no windows; with a small glass door... There is always a line for dim sum during the peak hour; but definitely worth to wait; if you have an asian friend who knows what to order can tag along; that is even better!Very good dim sum and cheap price; just don't expect a fancy place. Have fun~
Called on New Years Eve because I had a leaking water heater. They came out right away and confirmed it was the water heater and not any other plumbing problems. I asked if they could remove the old heater and I would like to install the new one myself. They didn't give me a hard time like other companies will if you say you want to do some of the job yourself. In fact; they gave me some pointers and warned me of some potential pitfalls. I asked for the bill and I think I was charged a very reasonable price. I will call Paramount again anytime I need plumbing help.
While on our quest for the city's best traditional margherita pizza we stopped here to try it out what they had to offer.The first thing I like about this place is the fresh herb garden outside when you walk up. The smell of fresh basil is intoxicating as you put your name in for a table. This got us very excited!We had very quick service! I ordered the arancine as our appetizer the saffron risotto was heavenly. So we were excited to get our margherita pizza... When it came we were disappointed...now I know that ever restaurant has their own take on margherita pizza; but if you are going to claim you have the some of the best pizza in town then I think your margherita pizza should be pretty dang close to the traditional Italian neapolitan pizza style margherita pizza. BUT it wasn't; it was actually quite gross. The crust was WAY to floury and there was no sauce; NONE just ice cold tomato slices stuck on the pizza with the cheese not even melted all the way. The basil just thrown on there. We had to choke it down and the server even asked us why we didn't finish it as if he was surprised we didn't like it. We tried to explain to him the type of margherita pizza we like and how it should be done and he looked at us like we were crazy. Obviously; he isn't much of a foodie. But we didn't want to be rude and we didn't send it back; we just quietly ate and quickly asked for our bill. It surprises me that other reviews claim the margherita is good here. They obviously like a salad thrown on a warm pizza crust or have never had true neapolitan style margherita pizza.... However; a couple weeks later we discovered Pomo in Scottsdale and that my friends is the best margherita pizza in the Phoenix area. They do neapolitan the right way...I doubt we ever go back to The Parlor. We are not fans of meaty type pizzas; if we were I am sure we would like this place as that is the type of pizzas every table around us ordered. So maybe that is how they got a good name is for those type of pizzas.
I have tried other locations and I don't remember being impressed.Coupons brought me here twice in the last few months.First time it was for lunch and we ordered chicken and pork skewers. They were both good; meat was juicy and I like the lemony flavor of the potatoes and rice. The rice was super good.Last night we went for dinner and the hostess and server were very friendly.We ordered the salmon; gyro plate; and I ordered a pita sandwich with gyro; chicken and bacon. Name was Aegean club. It was really good; all very tasty; with lots of fries. The sandwich portion was huge; it was 2 whole pitas; and cut in quarters; with lettuce; tomato and tzatziki sauce.We also had baklava; and it was fairly good. Not too sweet.We ordered chipotle hummus and it was flavorful and spicy. The portion was reasonable and it came with pita and cucumber slices (I like the idea of cucumber).I like their passion fruit teaCons- Hummus comes with very few pita and cucumber (I think 4 each). We asked for some more pita and they brought a plate with a lot of pita; and they charged us for it : ( - All drinks are $3.00 (even coffee). I think $2.00 or less is very reasonable; but $3.00 is pricey for tea or a soft drink.
Really 3.5
I am so happy this place opened up next door to my work. I usually try to bring my lunch; but there are plenty of times when circumstances don't allow for that so it's nice to have a place like Zappone's among my options.After seeing a sign out front and reading their menu online; I ended up getting take out from here 3 times during the first two weeks that they opened. I first tried the eggplant rollatini which came with foccacia; salad; and spaghetti. It was a ton of food for $12. I am iffy about eggplant; but I loved the grilled the slices in my dish. How can you not when they're wrapped around creamy ricotta and topped with mozzarella? The foccacia was exceptionally good. I liked the salad and spaghetti; but I would have preferred a lot more garlic in the red sauce. I gave my sister the leftovers; and she adore them too.On my next visit; I got the spinach and artichoke piadinie. I was amazed when I picked it up because I took out an entire pizza box. Not what I was expecting for a mere $7. The piadinie is essentially a salad on top of pizza crust. The veggies were topped with just enough lemon vinaigrette. I was very happy that the leftovers didn't wilt since it made a great lunch the next day.I also got pizza during their buy one; get one half off special on Wednesday. I have been making my own pizza dough for a couple years now so I can tell you with confidence that Zappone's crust is the freshest I've ever had from a restaurant. I got a margherita that was good but still needed more garlic. The Enzo that I got for my meat eating coworkers was devoured right away. They loved the fennel sausage on top.I look forward to coming back here soon. I hope they add more vegetarian options (e.g. sandwich; grilled veggie plate) in the months to come.
What can I say; it's Ihop. Food is nothing spectacular; but the service was awesome! I had a very pleasant dining experience here.
This place is so close to my apartment; I couldn't believe it took me 5 months to go try it out. A neighbor and I went here on a rainy Friday night and impressively the joint was pretty full. They have a small but cute little lit patio area but it was too cold for that. We order a large BBQ chicken pizza; a dozen mild wings and 2 giant beers. They give you a little stick with a number and bring the food to your table. Man; oh man; those wings were so good. The sauce was great and they give a generous portion of ranch for dipping. We demolished those and enjoyed our beers until our pizza arrived. It was the right amount of greasy and the crust was thing but built up on the crusts. I think it was like a wheat crust; very delish. We couldn't finish the entire thing because we had monsterious beers to down too. I will def go back here. It's the kind of place you can wear sweatpants; a hoodie and no bra... how ironic; that's exactly what I was wearing.It's a good place to take a bunch of hungry kids or a big family to enjoy for above Pizza Hut style grub.
For Asian that's a place for American; cause the menu is design for them.... But the food still taste good n the place is clean. If u r looking for American style Asian food try here!
For the price point of the beer and quality of food; this place is totally 4 star.  The beer was so cheap compared to what we are used to in the northwest valley.  I swear the Northwest valley restaurants serve beer with gold dust in it because they charge an arm and a leg for it.  Not this place though.  Great selection and great price.  We had a pizza too that was quite tasty.
Went here for the first time about a month ago and have developed quite the obsession.  after trying many a gyro( it's pronounced euro not guy-row ;) )and being in a mediocre haze from them all; I FINALLY met my match for pita cuisine. They were absolutely packed and now I see why. I honestly read through some of the negative reviews on here and thought..  are you high???  So let me break it down.  The pita bread is delicious and moist as if it was made that morning. I got the chicken schwarma and the chicken was so moist and tender it fell apart. It was layered with some sort of special sauce and rightfully so it WAS special. It was deelish. My fiance got the beef gyro and for someone who doesn't like trying any ethnic foods (meaning anything thats main ingredients aren't meat and cheese)  he was in LOVE. it was awesome. He also ordered the bachlava (sp?) Which was out of this world. They don't use honey in the bachlava so it doesn't have that sticky effect makes for a much more melt in your mouth treat.  So excited to have this place right around the corner. Service was great; food was exceptional and it has a nice mom & pop feel. (Buy local my friends!). Highly recommend it! I Also saw they have a happy hour from 3-6 5.50 gyros and drink specials. The owners are so nice i never feel guilty about spending money on lunch here!
I have spent the past two Thanksgiving Holidays in or near this town near Phoenix; Arizona. Very different from my life in the Crescent City. It is suburbia in the desert and the homes are well maintained. People are very nice and visits to bars and restaurants were enjoyable. One factor on life in this community that is strange to a citizen of a large city like New Orleans did stand out. They come and go in and out of their homes and locking the door is not necessarily done. Appears to have very little crime and that is nice. I do so enjoy my home town and would not live anywhere else but I do lock my doors.
Unbelievable!!! Cal (owner) is an amazingly gracious and friendly guy!! He will know and remember you after your first visit. These are far and away the BEST bagels I've ever eaten; ever! Made completely from scratch ON SITE!!  You can see them being mixed; proofed; boiled and baked!!  Taste them fresh and hot straight from the kitchen!! This place; the staff; the food feel like home!! THE BEST!!!!
Sunday Funday started out fabulously thanks to this amazing restaurant!We started with an appetizer of chicken nachos... and MY GOD. The appetizer was a plate big enough to feed three hungry females and STILL have leftovers. I'm super picky when I order anything and all of my orders end up being a complicated mess (Can you substitute this? Can I have this on the side? I need dipping sauce.) Our waitress - I'm so bummed I can't remember her name - was the sweetest lady. She was so patient with me and brought out the food exactly how I wanted to see it. Everything was incredibly delicious; too.Then; to top it all off; apparently they were closing early for their company holiday party. We started noticing people disappearing from the restaurant and we asked the manager if they were closing; to which he replied; yes; we closed at 2pm. It was 3:30 when we looked at the clock and I couldn't believe it! They let us sit and enjoy our meal without making us feel rushed or even mentioning their early closing time. That was stellar customer service and I would give them 10 stars for that if I could.Try this place - you will LOVE it.
It's the Saturday night before Christmas and the animals are sleeping at the Phoenix Zoo; well maybe not for the flamingos; I saw they will still up and ready to party; but the Phoenix Zoo was awake with bright twinkling lights and lots of Christmas songs that would put even poor old Mr. Scrooge in the holiday mood.  If you haven't been to the Zoo Lights at the Phoenix Zoo; you should really try it; at least just once.Went to Zoo lights with my daughter; son; grandson & family friends; we strolled the entire park; listening and singing along with the songs; everyone around us catching the holiday spirit. We walked up to where the talking giraffe was telling stories; for my 2 year old grandson; it was kinda scary; but for me;  I got a kick out of it; the giraffe said what do you call a giraffe at the north pole???? Lost!!! Hahaha that busted me up!   We continued along the trail looking at the lights; eating our popcorn and drinking our hot chocolate and I thought what a perfect night at the zoo!  Oh guess what; Santa Claus was their too with his sled taking pictures with boys and girls! My grandson got his 1st pic with good ole Saint Nick!It's also the Zoo's 50th anniversary too!   Thank you Phoenix Zoo & SRP for Zoo Lights!
one of our favorite old style ice cream parlors
I am long time fan!Reasonable prices and good food.
Okay; I understand why this place consistently rates Best of Phoenix; BUT; there is clearly room for improvement.  I'm going 4 stars because I clearly feel that they under-achieved their potential during my visit.  Negatives--The service here must be improved.  We actually had 2 servers arguing over who would take our table; NEITHER wanting to be bothered.  It was up to the only server over 30 years old to step up and serve the customers....clearly BS.My order was not as advertised; Eggs Benedict and deli ham does NOT equal Eggs Benedict and prosciutto....period.Positives--The 'white flannel' was outstanding; and I expect the 'Flannel series' is worth the trip alone.  My wife actually said it is the best cappuccino I've had outside of Italy.  Pleasant surprise when I ordered a Shot in the Dark; my normal morning coffee drink.  I'm going to leave this one to surprise and delight you as well.On another morning it could have rated 5 stars.  Without those 2 wonderful coffee creations; it could have been 2 stars......good luck!
I sent this review through the Mellow Mushroom website as well; and to my amazement; the next morning I had an email from the owner and a voicemail from the general manager. Both expressed their deepest apologies for what happened to my parents at the Tempe location. The owner; Jay; even asked for my parents address so that he might send a formal apology and refund them their bill. I spoke with Drew; the general manager on the phone and he assured me that he had begun retraining that very same day with regards to cross-contamination and food allergies.It's people like this that restore my faith in the food industry. Thank you so much for your efforts to remedy this situation and prevent future problems. I look forward to one day trying out your restaurant again.
My husband and I live nearby so we decided to give it a try even though we think the best Thai in the valley is in downtown Phoenix at the wild Thaiger where we eat weekly. We ordered a curry dish; a noodle dish and the Tom ka soup. All had a flavor that neither of us cared for..very bitter and rancid tasting. The beef in the curry had lots of fatty gristle on it and the Tom ka was severely lacking in coconut milk. I only had a bite of everything and then opted for a Wendy's hamburger..That's  how unimpressed I was. This place may be close to home; but you can bet I won't be returning. Steer clear of this one!!
New Years Eve was perfect here. Fixed menu; $75 ea totally worth it. First course was amazing greens salad with candied figs; fresh farm cheese; sort of like a ricotta mixed with goat; hazelnuts; very light vinaigrette. Excellent. Gina; our server; always outstanding; suggested our drinks & they were divine. Mine was the Garden breeze martinia; fresh; citrus notes w/ orange Vodka. Second course was crab bisque soup oh yum! lumps of crab & shaved anise as the garnish with homemade focaccia; butter; rosemary. Third course was a sea bass served in parchment paper with a creamy fennel sauce served on the side; baby carrots. Fourth course was osso bucco; tender moist veal but honestly I was STUFFED by this point; I took most of it home for my foodie aspiring chef 8 yr old son. Dessert was absolute heaven on earth. A softer cheesecake; thanks to a hint of ricotta with a gingersnap moist crust; drizzlings of bittersweet chocolate & a mint cream sauce puddle. Wow. Ask for Gina; she is the best and you will not be disappointed with a top notch experience.
i have no heat until Wednesday. Owner is not willing to do anything about it. Enough said.
The Dillo is where it's at if you want a good meal and drink.  Plenty of TVs for sports and horse racing if that is your thing.  Excellent sports bar; friendly staff; good food; and did I mention the drinks?
Two stars you ask? Yes I am disappointed I had to put two stars! I was ready to get my food socks rocked off. Incorrect. We went on Saturday night with a monstrous group. 4 children and about 10 adults. We had a rsvp at 7:00; and we were immediately seated. Great! And then it all went down-hill. The children were starving; so we ordered food for them asap (chicken fingers and fries). It took about 45 minutes for the food to come out. It was bizarre. I wonder if they were making the fingers from scratch (egg; flour; shake-and-bake breading; and then frying). They did not seem extraordinary; so I highly doubt that. Luckily; our adult food appetizers had come out a little earlier. For apps; we got two servings of guacamole and fundido. the guacamole was NOT made table-side. that's the whole point of ordering guacamole! I see the other reviewers got theirs made table-side. I am super jealous. I am an avid lover of guac. I get it at almost every restaurant if it is on the menu. However; this was missing something. I think the avocados were not super ripe. Anyway; it wasn't that good. I had about two chips and called it quits. The fundido was unique: melted cheese served with hot tortillas. You spread the cheese onto the tortilla; roll it up; and eat it. Fun concept. Everyone raved about the cheese. A little greasy; but fun nonetheless. It was a little tricky to spread the cheese onto the tortilla; so perhaps recruit someone at the table to work the fundido station.I got the tempura sea bass (not on the online menu. the server said it replaced the: scallop and pork belly). Basically; it was a whole fish (yes; head and tail included) covered in tempura batter. The overwhelming tempura batter drowned out any sea bass flavor. The person next to me got the costilla de res (braised short rib). It was OK. Had a weird flavor to it...i think it was the guava sauce. Not only were the entrees pricy and mediocre; but they served all the adult entrees at once. One adult at our table's entree did not come out. The server told him they overcooked his steak; and it would be out in a few minutes. The server apologized in advance; but it was definitely rude to bring out our entrees. The steak did not come out for several minutes; and when it did; he said it still wasn't cooked to the specifications he asked for! Eek.
I've been literally ordered by many people to try this place for lunch; so I finally did. Short and sweet; I've made up a new word to describe Firehouse Subs; phenomenaltastic. Best sub I've had in.. well; ever.
This pains me to write; as I've always been a fan of the morton's in Scottsdale.  Sadly no more...I've ben here before; repeatedly; and have to report it is sliding downhill.  To be clear its simply not my observation; this Friday night at 9:30 there were ZERO customers; very unusual when across the parking lot the cheesecake factor had an hour wait for a table.  As for the food: the crab cakes were not the same; less breading; more filling; not as good.  we had 3 steamed lobsters; they were terrible; just sitting on a plate; not even slightly cracked.  The claw was raw; the body had this unusual black substance inside that none of us had ever seen...sad and disappointing.  I understand from a seemingly disgruntled employee that there are new owners who simply are interested in the financial bottom line.  They should really check out the food; as they too would see this is not good.  You can do better; in fact; it would be hard to do worse.
This hotel has the laziest employees.  Yesterday; I spilled espresso on my jacket while I was at the client across the street; I went  straight to the hotel front desk to drop off my jacket for dry cleaning.  I was promised that it will be picked up and returned the following day.  So today; I stopped by the front desk to pick up my jacket and I was so surprised to see that it was never sent out for dry cleaning and I asked the front desk person for an explanation; but she was just so full of excuses.So; with that said; I will not be staying at this hotel if ever I am back to visit this client site in the future.
My daughter bought a groupon for this restaurant and we tried it tonight along with her two teenage kids. We were greeted and seated at once; and our waitress; Brittany; came by right away for drink orders.  The drinks came promptly and Brittany took our food orders right away.  The burgers were all very good; although cooked medium here is actually medium rare.  We had a hard time finishing everything because there was too much for us.  Our first experience here was very enjoyable and we'll definitely be back again. Thank you; Brittany; for making our first time there so good.
Great lunch specials! $6 for chicken; beef or pork and $7 for shrimp. Comes with soup; egg roll and angel blossom.
It is a miss or hit for help from the employees.  =(
I was exhausted and in a turkey coma when I came here one Sunday after a Thanksgiving dinner so I was kind of out of it and the people working here could tell I think. They looked at me like something was wrong so hopefully they didn't think I was being rude.The job done was fine. I've had better gel nail jobs and I've had worse but for $21; this was a great find for what I wanted: red; glittery nails for a trip home for the holidays.No problems with service or facilities. I was on my way to Seven Day Nail and Spa but every road into Tempe was closed for the marathon so I Yelped this place. Not disappointed.
OK; so up front I'll say that this review is based on me needing a passport snap in a huge hurry... My passport expired a few months ago and I hadn't gotten around to taking care of renewing it. I just found out I'll have to go out of the country twice on business in January; and trying to get a passport picture on short notice in this town appears to be next to impossible. Yesterday I went to three places -- one didn't do photos and sent me to another place; when I got there; they took the picture only to find out the camera battery was too weak to print the picture; and the last place took the picture but had a freakin' greeting card order already running that they couldn't pause to print my picture. So today -- I call this FedEx location to confirm that their Yelp page is correct in that they do; in fact; take passport pictures. Yes! I walk in; they take the picture; it prints in about three minutes; I pay for it; I leave. In 'n' out in about ten minutes. The employees were very helpful with my request; even when they were quite busy with other customers and their holiday shipping; copying; etc. So yeah -- I'll come back here for more FedEx-type requests just because they did so well on this request! Yesterday was insane; and today they made it easy!
Great chicken tenders. Juicy and tender staff Are really nice  Reasonable prices. This is a keep coming back place :  )
I loved the service at the Mac counter. The girl that helped me I didn't catch her name. Damn. She helped me get the look I was going for and made my eye brows look amazing. All the girls working there were nice and easy to talk to. One of the better mac places to shop at so far my favorite service wise. They were out of my eye brow pencil that I came in looking for but I got to get everything I needed for my eyes and the tips I needed to make it look amazing when I get home.
I think I found my new Chinese delivery restaurant! The food isn't 5-stars; but it's still pretty tasty. The prices are good; and they've always been pretty quick with deliveries.
Always helpful; non-commission salesfolk. I'm still relatively new to PHX and to hiking. They're pretty patient with my questions (nay they enjoy answering them!). If you're not a member; the rewards program is worth it...$20 forever!
I love Carly's. it's got that lived in feel. Lots of rad faces every time you step in. Great eats; wonderful brew selection. Usually kickin live jams. What could be better? Oh and the staff is so hospitable. The food is damn good too. I love the olive app; greek salad; all of the sandwiches; but especially the proscuitto and the pear. And Carly's has a really good kids menu... Another good Sunday afternoon spot.
I actually like CVS a lot however this location is absolutely horrible. The staff is extremely rude and uneducated. I went in to buy two bottles of wine for a family dinner and let me be the first to tell you I have a young face; but I am 21 years old have a 100% legal id that's flipped horizontally with my birthday showing im over 21. It scans at gas stations and have never had trouble purchasing alcohol anywhere else. However when I went to this location the indian guy (been working there for years; I always see him) working the counter questions my id; understandable.. so he calls someone over to verify the id and she approves it almost immediately because anyone who is smart enough to read a date of birth and compare me to the picture I had just taken a month prior would know the id is valid and I am 21 years old. So the cashier continues to check me out before pausing AGAIN and saying he wanted someone else to check it... so I said fine; there's obviously nothing illegitimate about my id so I had no worries. After 5 mins of waiting some asian lady (manager; I think her name may have been rita; short asian lady with short black hair) finally walks up and questions how young I look and immediately says no even seeing my id because I look too young... I suggest if a place is going to sell alcohol they should teach their employees to properly read an arizona drivers license. Aside from wasting so much time at the counter and being humiliated by their employees I walked out empty handed and angry. I drove right next door to safeway whom may I add has a much larger selection of liquor and wine at very comparable if not equal or lesser prices and had absolutely no problem checking out. In fact they even helped me find what I was looking for because with all of their selection it seemed overwhelming. But it was great. So my conclusion is im never going back to that cvs; anyone im ever with needing something from there I will suggest to either go to safeway or walgreens across the street. The staff is rude and clearly doesnt know what they're doing. Ive used that cvs since I was 15 years old and ill tell you right now; im never returning there again. Sadly this looks horrible for cvs as a company. Seeing the many angry comments other than my own on yelp just makes me question the supervision and management of this location and its employees. Im extremely angry and I nothing more to say. I only give 1 star because I can't give 0 or better yet a negative amount.
Bruschetta is really good here. They offer tours of the olive groves and have a wide variety of olives to select from inside the store. They also have Sandwiches and Italian ice cream to choose from. Over all it's just a nice little place to go and have lunch or just visit .
How have I lived 3 miles from this place for 8 years and had never been in until a few weeks ago!?!?!Man; I was doing it all wrong. Home made sausage; good Italian pasta; San Marzano tomatoes; everything you need to make a great meal all in one shop; with a side of personality!I haven't tried the sandwiches yet; but looking at the big old hock of prosciutto de parma in their cooler; I'll be back for those next!
You can't go wrong with the iced toddy! I love iced coffee; and the strength of the toddy is great; especially on a rough morning. If you love iced coffee beverages; get this rather than the lattes.
uck   apparently JOEY IS NOT from CHICAGO~~~~~~ Al's  & Portillos are still the BESTJoey put tons of pepper on the sandwich  burning our lips--hour later & my lips still hurt  --bread was OLD & dry - had wrinkles!!! -which is a sure sign of old bread product----even 'dipped' it was tough~~~ it was our 1st time & we will NEVER go back ---I gotta stop falling for that old line 'just like Chicago' please don't waste your money!!!
of course we would end a night at papago...their beer and food is just so darn good!
Really? Did I just have the BEST prime rib dip sandwich at an AIRPORT? Yes! It happened! This charming restaurant (yes; charming - it even has a fireplace!) is located in the middle of Phoenix Airport; before going through the security lines. I was impressed that they were able to pull off an environment that feels like a 5 star restaurant in the midst of all the hustle and bustle.  The only time I was even reminded that I was in an airport was when I saw a few people with luggage under their table. Service is first class; food is a little pricy (but typical of the airport); menu is outstanding (they aren't messing around with their french fries!) and there is even a free gourmet cookie before you leave. Love it!
I've never had anything but the chicken and broccoli from here. My husband and I love it so much; we dont care to try anything else! It's very small and only a few tables but we always order take out anyway and our orders always ready for pick up within 20 minutes max.
I had breakfast twice; dinner once; and happy hour once at this nice restaurant located at the Legacy Golf Resort in Phoenix; Arizona.  Spent a week here at this fabulous resort and the restaurant lived up to the reputation of being a fine dining choice.One morning I had the Western Omelette and it was delicious and quite large so much so that I couldn't finish it.  On another occasion; I had the Eggs Benedict and that also was delicious.  My dinner choice one evening was the Rib Eye Steak which was cooked perfectly medium rare like I like it and I was quite satisfied.  Again; I could not finish the whole steak which was almost 16 ounces.  It is nice to be able to have a fine meal and not have to leave the resort and we were happy that The Trails End Bar & Grill was there.BTW; all of our servers were excellent and even gave us tips on other dining establishments in the nearby area.
Mad Hatter has a good location: right by Sun Devil Stadium; right on a light rail stop. There's a nice patio. But; when you go here; you think of three or four small changes that would make this place great. The way it is today; it merits an okay  or under rating. The beer style is British; which is fine. However; if you want hops-bursting-out-of-the-glass beers; this is disappointing. The food is very generic (burgers; chicken sandwiches; fries; and the like); not particularly well executed; and priced about $2.50 too high. The staff is pretty good; but it's pretty hard to keep good bartenders and servers when business is so slow. There's just nothing that makes me recommend this place to friends.EDIT: They no longer brew beer at this location. I walked by while the brew equipment was being removed. Pretty sad; I think having a little brewery was one of the owner's dreams.
Took 1.5 hours for an oil change; asked if it came with a tire rotation and they said yes; they said my car was ready and I asked if the tires were rotated and they said yes.  Left and went gas; looked down at my tires and noticed they didn't rotate them.  (I had different brand tires on the back then I did in the front).  so had to go back and it took them another 1/2 hour to rotate my tires.  When I went to pay they had some recommended maintenance things I should do; all the fluids flushed; transmission; brake  etc.  and my oil pan gasket had a leak which I knew about.   I said I just got my transmission fluid flushed 3 months ago; the guy said oh; well since your oil pan gasket is leaking they put that down as a recommendation.Since they didn't try to upsell me too much I'll give them 2 starts but these oil changing shops really need to get their business together.Then they run out and greet everyone that pulls up in a big truck.  car people...
Even though we lost our beloved Roosevelt; I have ever confidence that the staff here did the very best they could. After his death; they even sent a condolence card.
Came for dinner New Year's Eve with friends and had a great meal. The Caesar salads to start were always good and just the right size. The entrees that we selected covered a generous portion of sausage & peppers; Lasagna; Shrimp Scampi (which as described are large); and my favorite; Veal Piccata. All were prepared perfectly and appropriately spiced. Accompanying pasta and various sauces were perfectly cooked.The service was the same relaxed approach that I've received over the last several visits - despite a full restaurant with several large groups. No issue here; just a different experience than the more commercial chain restaurants. Just a great home-style family experience.
I love this store! They have such an amazing assortment of items. All made by local artists. My favorites? Garden stake flowers made from old cars and school buses! SO beautiful! You'll find something for everyone here. Hand-made cutting boards; sculptures; clocks; jewelry. I could go crazy in this place.Check it out. You won't regret it!If you go; give Molly a pet for me.
Their coffee is one of the best places I've been to but they made me wait 30 minutes for mine. They should have given me a heads before I bought it.
Crowded space and very busy; but donuts were very tasty and well priced. Large iced coffee are equivalent of a medium anywhere else. But good for a cheap breakfast. The red velvet iced coffee was pretty good.
For $20 at the side door Andrew will let you skip the line. This place is over rated.
It pains me to down grade them a few stars but this last experience was disappointing.I do note we did stop in for happy hour this time and really enjoyed the $5.00 margaritas and $5.00 mini tacos but I don't judge places by their happy hours because Happy Hours are usually happy anyway.We had a really great dinner here last year and thought we would again. It's a BEAUTIFUL ATMOSPHERE here and they have beautiful Christmas Tree and Ice skating at the Princess. For Dinner I was going to try the Grouper or the Pistachio Crusted Tuna this time but to my surprise they took them off the menu and replaced them with a Tempura Battered Fish. (website needs an update)  Why would I order Tempura at a Mexican Place? So I went with the Skirt Steak. OK I didn't like anything on my plate. The steak wasn't tasty. It looked OK but just didn't taste good. I guess it needed some salt and pepper. I should have asked for salt and pepper. It was just soggy beef and also was like chewing just cow and not a tasty steak. I didn't like the potato gratin because it also needed salt and potatoes don't taste good unless they are salted. I didn't like the enchilada because of the horrible thick mole sauce. This was the worst mole sauce I've ever tasted in my life and if it was my first time with mole sauce I'd never touch it again. The sauce wasn't balanced and was thick and too much chocolate and it turned my stomach. I do note the table salsa was seasoned nice and the bar foods we tried were made nice so I know you can get good food here.My husband ordered the short rib that I had last time. The rib this time was OK but not great like the one I had last time. This time it didn't have the really tasty crust on it and the portion size was much smaller. The rib was just passable and not made with the really great care like last time. But my husband felt really bad when he tasted my plate and told me I could have his instead since it was better.A very nice manager did check on us and offered to get me something to fix my meal and it was before I knew what was wrong with what I was tasting. I told her it was just OK.Last time they weren't busy and the food was very good. This time they were very busy and that might or might not be  factor in this last experience. I received my meal for free since I have a preferred diners card.
This place has improved tremendously; the quality and flavor is much better than it had been; it tastes like when they first opened. The menu had also been expanded. For anyone who hasn't been I recommend you give it a try and anyone who had been put off by a prior visit; I suggest you give Republic another chance.. Maybe try something different this time. The tonkotsu was great with te addition of corn and an egg; and the Sopporo was pretty good too. To even out the review I will say I'm not sure why they decided they needed to shower the kimchi with scallions or why the seaweed salad was so sweet; not in a bad way; just different. they need to perfect their noodles a bit; but it won't stop me from coming back.  :)
I've been here several times; last week was the straw though. I bought several items - one being an espresso machine for the boy. I inspected three boxes of the espresso machine which all had been dropped or opened. I asked an associate to see if they were getting any more in; he just said no without looking it up.  I opened the one with the ripped tab which might have been from someone picking the box up; the machine was still wrapped up; styrofoam in place and all so I decided to buy it and return it if there was a problem. I stood in line for over 30 minutes (which I don't mind- I understand my sorry butt didn't think about getting it sooner) however 3 days prior to xmas they only had 2 people running check out and returns. I was about the 10th in line too. *handFace*Anyhoo; the clerk was very courteous and didn't have any issues with my 20% off coupons so once I was at the stand it was a breeze. Fast forward to Xmas morning... boy is super happy with the awesome espresso maker and beans from Coffee Rush I purchased.  He opens it up to find that it had clearly been a returned item.... as almost all of the frother; cups; cleaning pieces were missing... empty cardboard box was what we found inside. AND it had been dropped - bottom of the water container was shattered. I just about cursed because as a store - getting a returned item from a customer... and a $300 item as well.. Don't you think to check it first before putting it back on the shelf?? Fast forward 2 days post-xmas... go into the BBB store with the espresso machine which is heavy; I waited in line but what I observed was pretty stupid. The one associate who was doing returns was definitely over-run with a line of 5+ people; the manager next to her was just looking around... completely void of the line of customers or that the associate had asked him for help. Once he did get the hint a few minutes later after walking across the returns area several times; he tried to help a customer but they turned around and asked the other associate what to do.  Not very impressed by the managers lack of knowledge and inability to help customers. You are a manager- know how to complete a return. Oh yea and the process to get a new espresso machine... since there weren't any in stock; I waited to return the purchase one; returned it; was then sent back to the kitchen area where another associate ordered another one; who then sent me back to the front to wait in line again to get my refund amount (since we chose a different model with a refund of $10). They couldn't have done that at one station with one associate so I didn't have to wait in line twice for the same transaction and use up 3 different associates time??  Ugh... if not for those 20% of coupons I would buy everything online.
Like almost every good restaurant in Phoenix; this place is hidden in; yes; a strip mall. But strip-mall facade be damned; this place is really as good as it gets. I've only been here once but already am eager to work my way through the entire menu. I went there earlier this month with three friends. We all sampled each other's food and nobody was in the least displeased with anything. First off; I will continue to sing the praises of the mantoo. These dumplings--which are the Afghani equivalent of Chinese wontons or ravioli--are filled with ground beef and onion and then topped with a yogurt sauce and a red sauce. Tender and flavor; little dough-bites of heaven. Another highlight was the goat curry. I had a taste of my friend's and it was perfectly tender. And the sauce is a great mix with their jasmine rice. I had the chicken boti in which the flavors were felt all the way through the meat. They have a few different kinds of naan bread. Loved the garlic naan but you'll need a breath mint later. I saw some reviews said the service is so-so. It did seem like we had to wait 5 or 10 minutes longer than one might be used to. But the restaurant--which isn't that big--was almost completely full. It's also important to note we were the only non-Middle-Eastern/Indian customers so that tells you the level of authenticity is pretty good. The service may have taken a bit longer but nobody was rude. Also; it looks like the kind of place where you go up to the register to take care of your bill. Anyway; I plan to make Khyber Halal a stop when I have visitors in town.
This review is for the grocery department; not the food. I visited Baiz Market to buy halal meat for a family event. I honestly do not understand how this place passes health inspections. I do appreciate that meat is butchered on the premises and not frozen; however I am concerned about the food handling practices once that meat is sent on for sale. I arrived at the counter and waited for someone in the meat department to finish up a conversation with a friend before asking me what I wanted. I purchased boneless; skinless chicken breasts; chicken tenders; and lean ground beef. The butcher would grab a red bag; fill it with meat; tie it off with the same gloves that were just handling the meat (so now the outside of the bag is contaminated) and then repeat the process with the other meats. At no point was the scale wiped off or the gloves changed. I was handed the red bags to take to the register myself so now my hands have meat residue on them as well. We placed our bags on the check out belt (where I'm sure many people have also put their meat bags) and left the store. I was so disgusted that I had to carry the slimy meat bags that I asked to wash my hands before I left so that I wouldn't spread germs to my car and children.As for the quality of the meat; the chicken breasts were good and the chicken tenders seemed a little old. The lean ground beef was incredibly fatty and my husband commented on the smell as I was cooking. I do have to say that I have these same complaints when shopping at other halal grocers as well. I'm still looking for one that is clean and practices safe food handling.
This coffee shop is simply just COOL!! They make a Rock-Star cappuccino.. the right way! If you're in the Biltmore area; skip Starbucks and go here!   This is awesome!
They say that you will get a survey in your email to recieve a free shot once per month you will be lucky if you ever receive that survey Good Luck on that one !
One of my goals for 2013 is to start a vegetable garden. No one in in my family gardens and while all of my friend are excited about the idea of me having a vegetable garden; none of them could offer suggestions/tips/tricks/basic information that I need in order for it to be successful. Thankfully; Lalanie was working at Lowe's the day I decided to shop for garden necessities.Lalanie was gardening herself when she noticed me browsing the merchandise with a baffled look and asked if she could help me. I told her my goal and that all I was capable of doing was digging the hole in my backyard. She laughed and showed me everything I needed and informed me what I can plant now; that will resist the frost; and what I can plant in the warmer months. She also shared some delicious grilling recipes that I can try once my garden produces yummy vegetables.Lowe's had everything I needed and the customer service was amazing. While I do hear Lowe's has higher prices; I wasn't shocked with the amount I spent on supplies. I will definitely come back here when its time to start my next crop!
This mall is huge!!! And has every store you can think of. Did some after Thanksgiving shopping and got some great deals! Put on your walking shoes...because my wedges didn't last very long walking around this enormous mall!
the food is great! i had the cajun chicken and it was delish; chicken ham bacon and cheese with chipotle sauce. service was friendly and fast. atmosphere was fun and friendly. I need to come here more often
I didn't get the chance to learn more about Durant's before I went there with friends who said they heard good things about the place. We were pleasantly surprised by the back kitchen door entrance and the old fashion decor.Complimentary bread was a plus with amazing butter herb sauce. You can taste the basil; the leek; and the onion... with lots and lots of butter. It was delicious!Between the four of us; we had NY steak; Filet Mignon; and Rib Eye steaks. As tasty as the quality of beef was; it wasn't the best I have had and wasn't worthy of the $50 dollars that I paid for.  (Thought their garlic mash potato was a must try!)We were also surprised how my friend's median NY steak are just as raw as my rare Rib Eye. We weren't able to get our waitress' attention during most the meal though she walked by our table a few times. I think he would enjoy his meal a lot better if he could have his steak done right.The booth are also definitely designed for skinny figure individuals... We were almost elbow to elbow with one another.I wouldn't mind going back with other friends; but I probably won't try the place again on my own. As my three stars indicated; it really was just A-OK!
Been back several times.    Have never been disappointed with any of their selections.    You can not go wrong with Liberty Market; Joe's BBQ or Joe's Farm House Grill as well as the Coffee Shop.    Support our local businessmen.   All great places for food.
Maricopa has its own movie theatre! But wait. There's more! They have a bowling alley; new restaurant options and even dine in theatre seating upstairs. Thanks Ak-Chin. This town has needed something like this for; well; ever.
Great cuts!  Vadim is really good.  Got me to come back!
I have eaten at a lot of sushi places and even though I have dined here once; it was very; very good! Next time I go; I will update this accordingly; but so far I was pleasantly surprised.
Great place.  Fun ambiance...they had a movie on in the background when we were there.  Great pizza and bruschetta.  The Bocca Trio was definitely better than the Porco pizza.  Service was excellent.  The only reason this doesn't get 5 stars is the price ... it's hard for me to justify paying so much at a pizza place.  Will return; especially if they lower their prices a tad.  Maybe I'll just stick to Happy Hour.  :-)
We were very underwhelmed........the waiter went on about their meat is smoked for 18 hours;  thats bs........the baby back ribs were obviously boiled and maybe lightly smoked; the pulled pork had a very faint smoked flavor.  The side dishes were good; but the meat is ok at best; not real authentic bbq.
If there was any place in town that is worth getting up at 6am on a Saturday to get in line for breakfast food; this is it. Everything I've had here is amazing and worth the wait as everyone else said. The ingredients are local; the staff is friendly and the setting compact. Not a place I would try to to bring a group larger than 4 to though so if you have a large group; pick out the 3 others you like the most and ditch the rest! ;)
This is where we go to get our chicken and dumplings. Although we can make them at home; it's quicker and easier to come here. Once a year; we come here for a mega breakfast. Large fluffy pancakes with crispy edges; maple syrup; eggs; bacon; sausage; biscuits with gravy; fried apples; and hash brown casserole.
Great little place! Love the atmosphere; good inside and outside eating areas. Good food for inexpensive pricing. I've become a weekend regular!
We were driving around Riverview and my wife happen to spot a sign on the window that said '2 Meals for $20 on Tuesday and Wednesday'. Since it was close to dinner time; we decided to try it. I had the Mesquite wood grilled Pork Chop which was 1 pork chop with baked potato and apple sauce. Since I just had a tub of popcorn from Cinemark; the 1 chop was dry and salty. The baked potato was smothered with butter and sour cream. I had to scrape half of that off. Mayo Clinic says 'If you want to cut down on your salt intake; eat at HOME'.I forgot what my wife had since it's been a month since our visit.
Excellent authentic Sonoran Mexican food! #1 fan of their tamales and fresh tortillas!!!!! Friendly service.Small place and quite busy.So; be patient if you're willing to wait for the food; otherwise; take your impatient self to one of those large restaurant chains.
I know it's easy to get music digitally and for free and all that... But I like CDs. The quality is bonafide and the cover art is rad. I love music. I love a bargain. Zia marries these two loves perfectly. I can usually find two or three used CDs that I really want to buy for less than ten bucks each. Got my jams. Got my shopping fix. I'm a happy camper. Gotta go dance! Vacationer is playing!
Sochu House serves the best Thai food I have had in a long time. To start we had the truffle edamame which was my main reason for going. I haven't seen this dish since vacationing in Hawaii and it was rediculously good.For an entree I had this creamy coconut tofu dish which was savory and equally as tasty as the edamame. They have taken Thai to a new level with their Neo-Asian Fusion cooking.We sat in the dining room; but I can't wait to go back to this place for Happy Hour. The lighting and decor in the bar area creates an extemely intimate and romantic setting for a date or chatting with friends.
Great customer service!!! In and out with our order less than 15mins.
We like to stick with the pizza and wings deal. $16 for a large cheese pizza; wings; and 2L soda. Then add our toppings accordingly; his is pepperoni and mine; pineapple. I love their thin crust pizza and spicy wings!! Their only fault is leaving the ranch or two a few times but their quality makes up for it. Also saving a few bucks doesn't hurt because ordering online one can save some money or a yelp deal. Definitely one of my favorite pizza places.
Used to be an old gas station. Creatively decorated; warm; chill spot. Very good coffee & exceptional danishes & baked goods.  Very friendly staff. Nice break from weird hipsters at other coffee shops.  Has better community vibe.
My husband's friends love this place and so does my husband - we came down to visit and this was one of the must-eat places.  I have to admit it is pretty good; and the portions are huge.  I just got a turkey sandwich  - the bread was a little hard but it was massive and tasted pretty good.  I saved half of it for the next day and it was actually a bit better cos the bread had softened up.The bellinis are strong and only $6.Apparently they used to have this ravioli dish that was amazing but for some reason they took it off the menu which greatly disappointed my husband so I'm docking a star for that.The best part is the pizookie of course - and it was that good.  I've had similar at BJ's but this one is much better.
This review is for the BLT Steak bar. We went on a Saturday night to hang out in the R Bar lounge; but with it being a rainy Saturday night; there was not a seat to be found; so we headed back to the BLT Steak Bar and sat on a pair of very comfy couches with one huge table in between us.  We had a great time and enjoyed the fantastic service and prices. Our server was wonderful and she even made sure to check on us just before the happy hour ended so that we could order another round. Unlike an experience I had in the past at another location where we ordered well before happy hour ended and the waiter wouldn't honor the happy hour prices.  We loved this place and will be back!! I hope our next visit is just as nice.
I  love this restaurant! It's elegant; beautiful and the food is always amazing. This is a great place to go on a special occasion. The food and service is superbe and the view and ambiance are gorgeous. One of my new favorites.
A little pricey  for the best tasting pizza.  Happy Hour specials are good; and it makes for a great place to snack after leaving the bars :)
so dis one time; wen i stay up in phoenix; i was hungry for some local kine grinds. my fren said; eh; why not try some ono hawaiian bbq? they stay close by; and da food broke da mout.brah; he was right! i had mop some bbq chicken wit mac salad and rice. hit da spottttt! cheeeee pono! dis hawaiian stay happy. was so ono i had for take one order to go. wish i had da kine in tucson!! aloooooha.
I have lived here for about 18 months and have really enjoyed it. When I moved in here; Mark Taylor was managing it but it has changed to a new management company. The new management is great; not better or worse than Mark Taylor. I have always had good experiences with them and they have always tried to work with me. The apartments are nice and new and clean. Its generally quiet and; unless you have an abnormally noisy neighbor (as I do); then you usually wont hear the people around you. The grounds are well kept and the pool/club house are extremely nice. I really have had an overall very good experience with the apartment complex. I am moving out though because they have raised the rent for my lease renew. Although they raised it; the staff in the office worked with me for about two weeks trying to get it lower but their upper management didnt make that possible.
For six years I lived literally across the street from a Melting Pot in California...and I probably went 3 times total in those years. We went to this MP for happy hour since its right across from my school and trust me; I'll be going again! The service is excellent and the food is good as always! They have an awesome happy hour; 5 bucks for their cheese fondue that comes with 3 types of bread; fruits and veggies. The dessert plates are 10 bucks and comes with a plate of treats to dip into one of their signature chocolate fondues. Everyone wanted to try a different fondue so our awesome waiter/bartender gave us dessert for one and split the price. I'll have to come back for dinner to have their entrees again; its been a while. This place is definitely worth a try; great ambiance for dates; and good food. Its a bit pricey but I think the food and experience make up for it.
For years I've chosen Home Depot because they were closer and a little better organized than Lowes. But I recently had to make a return on the same day I bought something (bought the wrong item) and they demanded my driver's license because I had used a gift card for a portion of the order (not the whole thing). This is despite the fact that I had the receipt. This is a really poor policy that the managers can't override; and the worst part is that they told me the information is given to a third party to track returns. Nobody has been able to tell me the name of this company or their privacy policy. It's a big problem to me so I'll be shopping at Lowes from now on; and avoiding gift cards since they aren't treated like cash is. A cash or credit card return with a receipt wouldn't have required an ID; I asked.
Yuk.  A small group of us went there before the Tour de Coops.  Einsteins was packed; so was Duck and Decanter; so we went to Zoes because it was empty; and when we left; we knew why.  Food was grocery store stuff; and the pita had genuine Oscar Meyer ham in it straight from the package.  A place that supposedly professes health stuffs stale pitas with iceberg lettuce and nitrates. Whats worse us that the person at the register acted like we were irritating her.  Like she was busy!  I really regret going and wish I stood in line at any other place in the area.  For $10; I could have bought enough stuff at Safeway to pack 5 of Zoes second rate pitas; including quality ingredients they didn't; or a great meal anywhere else.  Cheesy; bland; corner-cutting and rude.  Dont bother.
Mike - extremely rude over the phone; acted like he didn't need my business.
Not best pizza in US; but usually very good. Only once have we had a problem with  doughy under cooked interior crust and black bottom. The person manning the ovens really needs to know his/ her stuff. They happily made a new pizza on that one occasion. Otherwise good quality and fast; energetic service. Frequented by tourists more than locals probably due to the wait; but fun place for both.
So my wife; my 8 month old daughter and I stopped by randomly last weekend as we couldn't get into our original destination due to a parade.  My wife has a couple of dietary restrictions because of our child's sensitivities which makes going out to eat a bit difficult but not impossible.  The staff at 5th Ave made us feel like we'd been going there for years.  She can't have soy or dairy or the little one gets 'backed up' and our waitress and the manager bent over backwards to ensure that we were in the clear.  We've hit up all of the high end restaurants in the Phx/Scotts area during our stay here and I must say they were more accommodating than the majority of those places. Just wonderful and sincere people all around.  The food was great; the service was 5 star.  Thank you guys so much for making our rare Saturday outing so easy and enjoyable.  Its something we still talk about and truly appreciate.  See you soon.
Food is OK but far from traditional.Kabbab meals are the best on the menu; however; they are inconsistent due to trying to please the American palate.Meal prices are fair since it is located in the downtown area. Service is just OK (specifically; the servers).
Always busy when it's lunch or dinner time!  It's worth it for their delicious burgers.It's always the same at In-N-Out; juicy patties; fresh veggies and full fat cheese.  I usually order the Grilled Cheese; since you get all the juicy meat flavor without the meat.Otherwise it's a double-double animal style with No Pickles and 2 sides of spread.
I've had so many massages at so many places; it's been hard to find a massage therapist that really stands out in my mind; that is until I had my first massage with John. Professional; knowledgeable; and a true master at his craft; John manages to fix what ails me without making me cringe in pain. I am a hairstylist; and my neck; shoulders and hands suffer; in fact; I was close to seeing an orthopedic surgeon for my hands; but since my most recent massage with John; I have literally NO aching. He is absolutely a MUST; you will walk out feeling like a new person!!!!! Do it. Hurry. Off you go. Get yourself to Space and let John get you back in line!
This place is seriously just...AMAZING. The staff treats everyone with the utmost respect; everyone is extremely friendly; & the food is just magnificent. Seriously...just go. Just go there right now. Stop reading this & GO.
Too high priced for all the hype.Soggy fries? No thanks.Lots of condiments? I like to taste my overpriced $7 100% fresh beef. Not a bunch of peppers; pickles and mustard.Fast food? Hardly.Free Peanuts? Really? I'm pretty sure I paid for them at those prices. In fact; I think they still owe me a pound or two of 'em.My wallet thanked me for saying; I wont be back.
All I have to say is; it's been a nightmare being vegan and ordering from this place. Never have I been through the drive-thru and have received a correct order. Yes; I understand ordering vegan is a bit more complicated but at a place like this; one would think that the *entire* staff should be competent enough to be able to handle such a feat.After speaking with a manager regarding my last order and telling them I did not want a free meal; that I just wanted my money back and it was the principle and the concept of when a food establishment gets an order wrong; it creates waste. I was surprised to hear their reply: that they don't care what I do with the food. Be that as it may; they should care because that means they're losing money. So; after I stated I just wanted my money back; the manager seemed to have become short and frustrated. This last visit just further solidified my validation in that this place is NOT for vegans.
Home-style pancakes; eggs; potatoes and milk shakes with 50's music in the background.  What a fun little find in the middle of Phoenix.  Come hungry and leave full!
Auto Repair which i found in Central Car Care are quire competitive in their prices for different service. After seeing Yelp Review I found Central Car Care as Ideal in its pricing. I checked some assignments that they finished in our Neighborhood Cars repair. So I selected them to be the Ideal Car repair  company for my budget and they did 5 starts job. Thanks !!
The food is really good and consistent.  Love that this isn't a chain restaurant! Who would've thought I could eat Pho soup again as a vegetarian? Even if you aren't a veggie; you will find something here to love.
I drive well out of my way to go here.  I love the Ghallaba.  I don't know of another place that has Ghallaba.  The Hummus and Baba Ganoush our some of the best I have had.  If you like Mediterranean food you must try this place.  Don't be put off by the lack of parking or simple look of the place.  Go in and you will a fan too.
I saw Jessica Rosenblum PA for a suspicious growth on my back. She was courteous and professional in her demeanor. After a thorough complete exam of my skin she found a total of 3 suspicious growths. Jessica removed all 3 growths for biopsies. I felt almost no pain from the local anesthetic injection. The results were called to me only 3 days later. Thankfully; nothing was malignant. I highly recommend Jessica Rosenblum PA for dermatology patients.
Do the players deal or do you have professional dealers? What about food and beverage? Are there membership fees? Moving to Phoenix soon and have heard good things about your place. Plenty of parking? Tournaments? Daily hours?
I love this health club!  I wish I lived closer as it's the nicest Village in AZ. There are so many great machines that can work just about anything and so much room so you aren't waiting to use a particular machine or elliptical.  It feels like home being there and everyone is so friendly.  Just like being around people you care about every single day.
Very good food.  A bit over-priced in my opinion; but a cool location.  A little bit older clientele as well; and maybe not the best place for families; but I definitely want to try it again.
I cannot believe I haven't written a review for reach 11 yet. This is my absolute favorite place to run in the valley! There are tons of trails that are hard packed dirt which is a great surface to run on. It's very easy to maneuver around the loops and their are mile markers and maps every so often if you feel lost. I've have ran so many training miles and have even raced on the trails here before. This is truly a runners heaven!!
The two times I visited here after shopping at Kohls; I left very dissapointed. Firstly; the place was very dirty; thats one of the first things I look at.  Both inside the dining room; and where they prepare the food.  You guys need to steam clean that carpet; if that is what you decided on to floor the place; honestly; carpet is the worst choice when it comes to restaurants.  Secondly; The food tasted old; like they pre-cooked it hours ago; huge turn off for me.The place is run by a bunch of teenagers that dont care or know what they are doing; and they could care less about what the customer thinks.  I will be passing this one up next time around.
I am overall very impressed with the Cracker Barrel brand; but what makes any one location better than another is the service.  We've never had bad service here; and I've been here more times than my check-ins would indicate.  The breakfast is as good as most higher priced places.  The only set-back is how crowded it gets; but that's just part of going to Cracker Barrel.  Everyone loves it.  Their servers are usually top notch.  I've got nothing bad to say about this location.
Stopped in on my way home and picked up dinner for me and my son.  For around $15; we got two doubles with cheese and bacon; fries; and a grilled cheese.  My son devoured the grilled cheese and fries!  The burgers were a real surprise!!  I haven't had burgers that good in a long time!  Very flavorful!  The restaurant was very clean with a couple flat screens showing the football game.  Atmosphere was pleasant.  Service was friendly and took our order quickly.   Nice place; good food; and reasonably priced.  I don't do fast food often; but I won't hesitate to stop in here again when the mood strikes.
This is a nice Safeway.  It has the usual products you expect at Safeway.  Good meats; good produce.  The employees are friendly and helpful.  One even recommended a bakery to us this visit.  Turned out to be a good bakery; too.Sometimes they can be a little pricey; but they often have good sales.  And their new Android app really helps too.
Oh boy....where to begin?  Came here for a holiday party and couldn't wait to leave.  Tacky paint and decor is an understatement.  Picture National Lampoon's Vegas Vacation and the awful casino/restaurant Clark and Eddie go to.  Once we were inside a suggested an immediate trip to the bar to have a shot and kick this thing off.  $8.50 a shot for Patron.  Dinner was upstairs in their banquet room.  Yikes; more tacky paint and their holiday decor was a mixture of semi lit lights; branches of a fir tree; and plastic ornaments.  The food was actually edible and the comedy that was this experience is what earns it the second star.  Do yourself a favor and skip the bathroom.  I'm pretty sure it hasn't been cleaned in years and be careful in the parking lot as there are potholes throughout.  Good luck and remember some Pepto before you go to sleep.
I cannot begin to say just how intensely pleased I am with the service I received with Chris and Phoenix Body Works. Had body damage on my fender and bumper from a blown tire on the freeway and when I was calling for quotes; everywhere I called was giving me prices way higher than I could manage and most of them offered sub-par customer service.  When we called Phoenix Body Works; Chris gave EXCELLENT feedback on what we were looking at and asked us to email him pictures of my car. He called back later that day just to say he hadn't had a chance to look too deeply at it but to ensure us he would call us the next day. How's that for customer service!!When he finally did send us our quote; he was several hundred dollars cheaper than our next best offer and that was including paint. He had offered the most feedback and advice and the best customer service to that point by far and with the huge price difference; we were sold. When we brought the car in; he also offered an alignment for an additional $65 and warned us that with additional small parts (bolts etc.) our total may come to about $50 more than our original quote and that he would try to get the paint to be as close a match as possible but made no promises. We felt that he was really doing all he could for us and agreed that a mismatching car was better than a non-driveable car so we agreed to the jump in price and resigned to the paint situation.BUT WAIT. When we picked up the car (which was completed very quickly) it looked PERFECT. The paint was a perfect match and even the broken pieces that were only repaired and not replaced looked brand new. You'd never know my car was ever damaged AND our total was even lower than our original quote in spite of the extra work he did. PHENOMENAL! I fully intend to recommend Chris and Phoenix Body Works to everyone I know. He did such an incredible and professional job and gave us unparalleled customer service along the way!
Best BBQ around!
I am have been looking for a local; clean and friendly aquarium shop and I found it :) The owner is so nice and passionate about customer service and her fish which is awesome! She was very helpful about some of the problems I have been having with my betta friends and offered several solutions. In addition; she showed me around and helped me pick out another tank that I will be starting with her help and expertise. I would definitely recommend this store to any of my friends and everything  was very clean and well organized etc. with lots of varieties of products!
Great for the distinctive collector looking for the strange and bizarre. The Record Room has a great collection of Punk; Surf; Rockabilly; Blues and more. The walls adorned with hard to find 45's and a cool selection of T's. Super helpful and always willing to make a deal. Great place to sell your vinyl too. Check 'em out!
Lately I have had a bad hankering for some Korean food; but the valley sucks in numerous locations. This is my fourth Korean place and I was quite satisfied. I was about to head to another restaurant near ASU West because it was pretty good; but finally decided to try a different one. Gladly I did. I did not care about driving to the west valley from near the airport during rush hour because my craving was that bad. We finally get the the place and only one other table was there. We get seated and I had to get barley tea.Browsing the menu I was pleased to see samgyupsal (pork belly) on the menu! We debated on an appetizer; mandu (gyoza) or ddukbokki. I've made the spicy rice cakes at home but never ordered at a restaurant yet; so we choose the latter. I wanted to see how HOT they really were. Bf ordered the usual bulgogi. We waited in anticipation for the food; and ddukbokki came first; large rice cakes and nice chewy texture. BOY! They were spicy; but sooo good. I enjoyed it as much as I could before I burned my mouth anymore. Then she brought out the banchan; nice large selection; some I have have yet to try until then. Also she brought the lettuce/onion salad with sesame oil dip and ssamjang. By this time I had to stop eating the spicy rice cakes and order a soda since the barley tea wasn't cutting it anymore.Finally the meats were at our table and plentiful portions. I asked about lettuce wraps for the samgyupsal but she said I could eat it with without the wraps. Having not done so before; she actually helped me how to do so. I wasn't a fan of ssamjang before until she slapped it on my chopsticks and I was hooked. She also suggested that my bf try the bulgogi the same way; dipping in the sesame oil and with lettuce. I enjoyed the whole meal and was pleased with the quality and helpfulness of the waitress. I would go back and try other menu items without hesitation. When they say spicy; they mean spicy...my kind of people!
Best Pho we've had in town.  You can taste the love that goes in to making the broth. We loved this place!  Yes; the service was a bit slow; but it was worth it.  Everyone was nice and accommodating. I couldn't stop eating the grilled pork.
Legit chill Irish pub so this review is based on Irish Pub criteria. It's dark and moody; it's got good food...great drinks; and good people.Food - B+ Bordering on A. Get the mussels. Done.Drinks - B+/A- I like the availability of Irish/English brews on tap and they have cider. I am a freak for cider; but that's just me. Oh and their house wines are legit. Seating - A++ Dark Corners; tables; Booths; High tops. The Patio - Decent sized for what you gotta do out there.Hey; and there's a game room! Sweet.When I used to live in Chandler this was an often visited watering hole. I kinda miss its chill vibe OH and I forgot to mention: There's a Filibee's in the parking lot. So; if you need some grub at 2:15am...you're covered.I just decided after writing this review; I'm heading back ASAP. You dark mistress Fibber's...ya got me.
Doing there weight loss program been very pleased with results; no pressure to buy things I don't want!!  Saturday horse that meet my needs staff has always been easy to deal with and friendly; very prompt service
I wasn't impressed with the food or the service for that matter. I ordered the Angus Beef Burger med/well. It comes with Applewood bacon; arugula; caramelized onions and a whiskey BBQ sauce. YUM. When I got it; it looked very impressive but when I cut it in half; I found that it was very; very raw in the middle. I'm not usually one to take back food at all but I could not eat this and I was also planning on sharing this with my 15 month old.  The waiter took it and it was back to me within 5 mins. One look at it and I was 80% sure that they just nuked it in the microwave. One taste and I was 110% sure...and somehow I lost my arugula in the bun swap.  Definitely not worth the $12. Somethings wrong when a tavern can't get a burger right. However they do have a decent beer selection I suppose.
Damn that green flannel is great.  It has corn beef; potatoes; fresh jalapenos; and green peppers.  Even something normally as pedestrian as english muffins are great  (tip; make yourself a flannel english muffin sandwich).   Food is terrific and so are the folks.  My wife has dreams about their monkey cakes which are banana/almond/coconut pancakes.  Our twins consume the heroically large pancakes too.
I really like this little place. Great bean & cheese burrito; good molé.  Salsa bar - exceptional. The missing star is due to service. Everyone is really nice; but they just need more staff.
Best meal in Scottsdale!! Try the appetizers less expensive than the entree and tasty!!
like any other born-and-raised west coaster; i know that a hole-in-the-wall mexican restaurant is where the good food is at. el norteno doesn't let down that philosophy. i knew immediately what i wanted when i walked in: a chile relleno burrito with horchata. my boyfriend and my friends; however; didn't -- the server was nice enough to explain everything slowly; and even gave them some of the sauce to try when they asked how spicy everything was. on top of the super good service; the chile relleno was perfectly filled with cheese; battered; and fried. it got pretty messy eating it burrito-style though; so i had to eat it with a fork and knife. my stomach was satisfied no matter how i chose to eat.
Made my debut at Glendale Glitters and the lights were quite nice; especially the palm tree and the tree that actually glitters. The funniest thing was the pony rides being offered (similiar to the horse rides) on a carriage. The light path will only take about 15 minutes to walk; but these are way better lights than the Zoo and this is free as well. Xmas eve it was crowded; but spots were still plentiful around the square. Downtown Glendale itself looked a bit dated; but none of the stores were open to check out. The lights are the show here and it was a good job by the folks in charge of setup and lighting. That giant palm tree must have been a real challenge to light up.
Definitely the largest antique mall I've come across so far; but it's so cluttered and honestly some of that stuff doesn't look worth selling. It is cool that it has TWO stories; and this weird backroom area with dolls that scare the bejesus out of me. :p it's interesting to go to though; there is definitely always going to be something you want that will end up a drawer probably.
There isn't a place in the valley where you can find quality cured meats from Europe....until now! From Guanciale to Prosciutto Crudo it's all devine. My personal favorites are the Porchetta and Speck! If your looking for DOP cheeses this is the place Peccorino; Parmigiana reggiano etc.I didn't try the pasta or sandwiches but I will be in the future. The owner was very helpful with choosing a variety of different meats and cheeses and let me sample everything. So folks the bottom line is if you want a place for quality imported meats and cheeses for your next wine party don't go to whole foods come here!!
This is my favorite of the consignment store trail in and around Scottsdale. It's one of the ones I refer to as being in the Bermuda Triangle; AKA the Scottsdale Airpark neighborhood. Sometimes the only way I can locate businesses I found before is to drive around helplessly while my GPS sends me diabolically impossible directives.This store is the best in class for me for many reasons: it's big and has a nice selection. There seems to be at least some level of taste and standards as to what is accepted. Furnishings are arranged in pretty good vignettes. It's clean and smells OK. Pricing is realistic for the most part. The staff is unfailingly friendly--on a hot day; I've been offered bottled water numerous times. I have consigned here and gotten a great return for my items. On one occasion; there was a little problem in which my husband and I had just decided to purchase a chair we were looking at; walked around the corner for a moment; and returned to see someone else buying it. The manager was distraught; and did all she could to keep everyone happy. In my case; it was having furniture picked up at my house free of charge since we allowed the other customer to get the chair. The delivery crew was polite and professional. If you can find this store; it's a winner!
Ever since I have moved back from Japan I have been looking for some place that feels and tastes like home. Because; that is what Japan was for me. It was home. I loved the people and the culture. The way the earth and the ocean offer the other balance there. The night life and let us not forget ever; the food. Well Hana is not it... :PBut it is still pretty damn good. I love coming here with my mom. I am always trying to push her to eat something new! She is typical fraidy cat and wont hardly touch sashimi which is delicious here. One piece and she's out. I have ordered tuna tataki here (one of my favourite meals in the world) but I don't think it is on the menu; and for me they over sear the fish. I like it just lightly fire kissed. The rolls here are pretty typical. Avocado and cream cheese to satisfy my mother and cover up any real flavor of the fish. The miso is really very good here. Its always hit or miss with miso in the states... Usually extremely too salty; but here has always been good. The tempura platters are shazaam! Fun and delicioso. In conclusion; i suggest you give it a try. Don't forget to bring your own booze; an empty tummy; and an open mind!
So my silly; adorable; dog is not a fan of being groomed; washed; pampered; really anything except fed by strangers...So; I take him here every few weeks to personally give the grumpy old fellow a bath (see picture).  It is like a do-it-yourself doggy car wash.  You pay $10 for the first 15minutes and it comes with 4 different choices of soaps (sensitive skin. anti-flea; deep clean; shiny coat and whitening) and a conditioning treatment if you prefer.  They have a blow dryer; but Brando is more of a towel off and shake to cover everyone else in water kind of dog.  I have never gone over the 15minutes (and Brando probably wouldn't tolerate it anyway); but if you do it is a $1 for an additional 3minutes.  Aside from that they have a large assortment of natural foods; toys and other fun pet stuff!  But; I really love Pet Planet because it keeps my bathroom from smelling like wet dirty dog; and getting coated in a layer of dog hair.  Thank you Pet Planet!
I have used Desert Snow Connection for 3 years; I use it to go to Snowbowl.  I have NEVER been treated unfairly or poorly.  Jose and his staff treat everyone with respect.  I highly recommend them to all my clients and friends. I have yet to hear a complaint from them!   Keep up the great work!
I cannot see Russa from my house but I can see the Grand Canal.  The Canal runs 38 miles throughout Phoenix and is great for walking or biking.  My dog loves it!
I am PICKY when it comes to my nails....  usually have them done for a special occasion then; get them off as quick as I can! Well; after seeing Lynn for a full set for Christmas... I ... AM... HOOKED!!!!She did such a FANTASTIC job. I am going in for a fill!!! Looks like after all these years; I finally found a GOOD NAIL TECH!!!!
Can't say enough great things about this place! We were visiting family in the area and wanted to take our 18 month old out for some fun- so thrilled we found this museum! Super friendly staff; great pricing & CLEAN facilities. A wee bit crowded but that is to be expected as we went during holiday break. We will be returning again and again!
My daughter and I went in here the first time in mid September about a week after my granddaughter was born at lunch time and we both ordered breakfast foods. The food was pretty good the service was good as far as I remember and I wanted to go back sometime;  maybe try the lunch menu. We went back last night and had a totally different experience. It was late and we did have 2 children with us; the baby who is now 3 months old and her 2 year old brother. We had just been to the Phoenix Children's Museum for their free Friday night sponsored by Target and we were all tired and hungry. We came in here in the hope that we could get something to eat so we wouldn't have to cook when we got home. In fact we picked this place because it is a family restaurant  and we expected it to be kid-friendly.   Wrong. The  little boy was understandably fussy so I appreciate that this was not something fun for the waiter but at the same time when you're in the service industry sometimes you just have to deal with it when things happen like a fussy 2 year old. We did the best we could to keep it under control. I ended up taking him outside twice to soothe and distract him. We ordered his meal first and asked the waiter could he please make sure that got put in while we decided what we wanted to eat and actually the 2 year old was fine once his food arrived (until he'd finished eating his fill). It took us awhile to order because of the distractions. I ordered a fancy grilled cheese sandwich with bacon; side of onion rings; my daughter got a cheeseburger with french fries; he got some sort of chicken tenders Kids Meal with french fries; which we were all munching on because we were hungry. Because he was tired he started getting antsy again once he was done. I finally convinced my daughter to call the dad and have him come get the child so we could eat in peace. I waited to ask our server for a container to put the rest of the toddler's food in but he never showed up so I chucked the water out of a paper cup and put the food in there. I went up to the manager at the cash register to let him know I was stepping outside just to give the food to the mom and he ignored me and didn't respond; even picked up the phone as if he was making a phone call. Rude! I just didn't want him to think I was skipping out on the bill. The bottom line is that the waiter; Lyle; was  not polite to us. He was as cranky as the 2 year old. I understand it was difficult for him but it's his job to be as pleasant as possible to his customers regardless and we certainly weren't doing or saying anything to be rude to him. Obviously we were struggling just to be able to order and to read the menu. He let it be known he was not happy with us which I'm NOT used to. I'm used to a really nice waiters and waitresses and servers and just don't have a problem with people because I'm a nice friendly person myself. I pretty much always tip 20%; I mean it's been years since I left less than a 20% tip; I can't even REMEMBER the last time I left less than 20%. But last night our bill came to $ 21.89 and I just added added  $1.11 to the credit card receipt because the service was so bad.  From the time he brought the food till we were done and sitting there waiting; it was 30 minutes and he never even stopped by to see if there was anything else we needed; and we could've used more napkins and water. The manager was also very unfriendly. I'm staying in a motel and eat out everyday so I know how servers and managers are supposed to act. This place has had several other reviewers complain about the service and management and I wonder why they don't heed the criticisms and try to improve. I know I won't be back; and neither  will my daughter. Mesa has a plethora of wonderful little restaurants and cafes with good food; and good service and good prices so there's no reason to patronize a place that doesn't measure up. I've been the person behind the counter who had difficult customers and unruly children and I did my best to tolerate and help them out so they would leave with a favorable impression of my business and want to return. Nobody ever died from being nice.
While i was in town on business my boyfriend at the time went and received window tinting services from the owner of Beemer Haus. When we met back up in the evening he surprised me with the tinted windows on my 2005 645 ci bmw. I was thrilled at first but after making a more close examination to the work that just got done. I began to notice some red flags. There was tuns of air bubbles underneath the tint which from my previous car that got tinted (where I had my windows repaired due to this companies neglect) didn't have any air bubbles. My boyfriend began to tell me that they said; by tomorrow all the bubbles will have evaporated. That's just how tint looks like when being applied in AZ conditions. I said okay. The next thing that caught my eye is they cut the tint uneven and it was noticeable from the outside. Lastly I could hear the tint already pealing on the driver side window when you open and close the door. Lets keep in mind this is a convertible and the windows move down just a bit to get in and out of the car. Your not suppose to roll down your windows for 3 days. So I asked if we could stop back at Beemer Haus before we leave back to Studio City; LA (where I was living at the time) My Boyfriend replied okay the owner said if anything was  wrong to just come back and he'd fix it. So we stop by before heading out and express our concerns about the high possibility of the window peeling up as well as the back window. Also the uneven cut and bubbling. The owner replied if we could come back tomorrow. We explained that I live in California but I will be back out here in a month again for business and could call ahead a time to make an appointment to address the issues and correct them. He agreed. A month passes and I'm planning my business trip back out. I call ahead a time to make an appointment to drop my car off. We agree on 9am; he'd drive my car over to his tint guy; the 3 windows would be fixed and it'd be done around noon at the latest. The day of my appointment I arrived at 8:50 and no one was there at the office so i figured they opened at 9am and I'd be first. 9am rolls by; then 9:30 rolls by and finally it's 10am. His wife who runs everything in the office and allows her dog to bark at and jump on customers arrives. She walks by me and heads immediately into the offices. I turn my car off and head inside. I finally get her attention and she asks what can she help me with? I reply I have a 9am appointment with the owner to fix my tinted windows. She says o my husband he must of forgot. He's still in bed let me call him and get him into work. So now an hour of my time has been wasted and I was completely forgotten about. All while this ladies dog won't get down. I choose to wait outside in 114 degree weather instead since she can't get control of her dog. She comes outside and says he'll be in in 10-15mins. 10:30 rolls around and he finally shows up. Says he's sorry and he'll take care of this right now. I'm like okay. When do you think this will be done now. He says it can still be done around noon. An to come back then. So I walk down the road to a DuncanDonuts to get something to eat and to a nail salon for a pedi to kill time. It's almost noon now so I decide to start heading back. When I get into the parking lot I noticed my cars in the same spot how I parked it. So I head inside and ask if my car is finished. His wife says let me go get him. I'm not sure if it is. He comes out and tells me it hasn't even left to get fixed. That his tint guy is out of town and he forgot. So he was trying to call a different tint guy to fix this. I was so flustered with how careless he was to my time as a customer; his lack of organization; and poor standards. This man specializes in dealing with bmws and he just ruined the finished look on my bmw. So it came to the last solution I could think of. Refund me and take the tint off. He immediately jumps to say; you didn't pay me your boyfriend did; so I can not refund you I can only refund him. I replied; he's no longer my boyfriend and this is a service you did to my car. You also agreed to the both of us that when I came back out here on business you'd fix the tint. You can't fix the tint now. You've wasted half my day and you weren't even capable of fixing the issue. Now you won't  even refund me  for this poor quality tint job. He replies;  I can refund you $50.00 I replied; I paid 240 for this tint and your only going to refund me 50.00? It will cost me 50.00 to pay someone to take this tint off. He kept repeating that I wasn't the one who paid for it so he couldn't do anything for me now. I said; wow my window is going to peel up in a matter of months and this is how you treat your customers with high end cars. Poor quality; sexiest customer service; and wasting their time? I said fine If you can't fix it; you won't refund me. Then I'm just going to leave because you are not creating a resolution for this problem that you have created.
I really like Pholicious. It is not my favorite pho in the valley; but it is my favorite close to me where I can get take out from. We usually get it 1-2xs a week. The price is right and the people are always friendly. If you are in the area; I would give it a shot.
Love this place.  Ate at Booby Q Friday night.  It was busy but we were seated promptly.  Service was excellent and the food arrived quickly.  The steak was excellent.  This place has great management and staff.  It is no wonder it is consistently busy.Highly recommended.
Awful service and marginal food at best. Way over cooked.That said; it's a lovely setting with immense; but unfulfilled; potential.The outdoor patio and tater tots were the highlight of a marginal experience.
It pains me to have to write a two star review for a new restaurant.  Lord knows anyone who dares open a restaurant these days has a lot of challenges; but I can't recommend this new Vietnamese spot simply based on the food.The restaurant looks great; and the staff was very friendly but unfortunately that's where the positives end.  I came in the other day and ordered a small pho tai which should be the signature dish of a Vietnamese restaurant.  I found their prices to be a bit high; but I figured what the heck-it's so much fancier than the Vietnamese places that I frequent.  I noticed the chef pouring pho bowls while I was waiting and the broth was barely brown...maybe it's pho ga I thought...regrettably; my suspicions were confirmed when I finally got my beige pho tai.Pho broth is the holy grail IMHO; with it's deep beefy flavor combined with the sucker punch of star anise; clove and cinammon-it's probably the most soul nourishing dish that I've experienced when done well.  Pho & Grill's version was completely lackluster and even the additions of the Thai Basil; cilantro and a healthy dose of Sriracha couldn't rescue it.
Great place!Quality!Quantity!Best steak my brother John and I have had in years!
Love the food!  By far the best sushi we have ever had ...and consistently !  Saw in Phx magazine and yelp confirmed it would be good!  Great food ...great staff and so friendly!  We are excited to continue to go and try it all because we haven't found one bad thing and we have been and eaten there a lot !
I was very glad to be introduced to this place by some relatives that live nearby and are more plugged into the downtown scene. I was initially skeptical about the concept--I figured either the beer or the food was going to be middling. It's difficult to do both well. However; Angels Trumpet does not disappoint on either front.The food is quite good. I went with a group of eight and got to try several things. Everything was quite good; although I'm very stubbornly against home-made or craft ketchup; which they give you here with the fries. The beers are very good. You have to put a bit of thought into what you order; and either know what you like or be open-minded. Obviously an Imperial Russian Stout isn't for everybody. If you're going to order it; make sure you know something about it and know what to expect. Same goes for everything else they have.Overall; a great place to enjoy some inventive menu choices and sample some beers you don't find easily or often.
I took my girlfriend here for a performance of Romeo & Juliet. This was our second time going to the Opera (we saw Faust last year through Yelp).  Both performances we have seen here have been excellent - the cast is great and the location is very convenient. This time our seats were very close; which maybe was a bit too close. There is a large board above the stage that provides translations (and since I speak English and she speaks Spanish it would be helpful). Our seats were really too close to benefit from seeing the screen. Fortunately the cast does an excellent job at bringing delivering the emotions of the scene well even if the audience doesn't know the language. The coffee/drink bars and the props from other shows in the lobby also provide good relief during the intermissions. The restrooms seem to move quicker than they do at other theaters in the area. Both times have been excellent and we will definitely return.
Carl's Jr. is a decent fast food restaurant; but I try to limit my trips. I don't really care for their french fries; but their burger is not too bad. I like that they have cheap soda and most of my visits are usually because I am looking for somewhere to get a quick inexpensive soda.
All I can say is great service and the best chimi's in town.
I had heard about La Condesa from friends and wanted to try it. I went with a friend for dinner and had the chicken burrito and soft taco. My friend had another combo. Chips were great and liked the salsa choices; but was let down by the main meal. The burrito although tasty; was mostly meat. The soft taco was flavorful but nothing exciting. I have had better in Phoenix. My friend said his meal was served on the cold side a was a bit salty. Glad I tried La Condesa but will not go back.
I love the happy hour on Fridays with live music. Usually take friends here and always have a great time. Very well staffed; they are ALL well versed in their department. Great wines; beer and cheese plates. When autumn begins; we call it Duck & Decanter Weather.
Never disappointed. Everything about this place rocks! They are very accommodating to dietary needs and every meal is exceptional. They have a band that plays on the weekends. Great for groups or date nights.
Always enjoyed flying in&out of PHX. It really is how they say the friendliest airport being used to Toronto Pearson airport this airport is much smaller with small lines. Not necessarily fast lines; but def shorter than the big lines you experience in Toronto.  Thankfully never had a problem at this airport flying in and out for the 4 years I lived in Arizona.
No sea food soup..Noddles in soup super thick; hard to eat. Over prized. I orderer soup and veggie tempura; bill was $30 exclude tip. Sushi and sashimi okay. But nothing special. Super small; tables are for groups.
I have gone to this a few times with the family. I like this place a lot. The food is always very good when we have gone there. We will continue to go back.
This shop has many very helpful ladies who will take time to explain every thing; not like some of the other shops in the valley
Pizza is POOR! It took over an hour to get it delivered and it was COLD. The sauce was full of  sugar and the crust was tasteless. They need some serious quality control!
OMG.... I have been coming to the original location for many years.... Just had some drama at the new location with the cashier... She couldn't understand my English and had to correct the order and was very upset!   Come to find out SHE 'S THE MANAGER!!! Funny!  And to think she's the one training others in customer service!I want the business to survive so I hope she improves ..... Or someone helps her move on!
Wife and I had the opportunity to attend a YELP event ! The show was called Circus Americana. Seating was great; don't believe there is a bad seat in the theater. Staff was very nice; bathrooms very clean. Parking is just across the street. Would like to come back and see other performances!
I really want to like this place; the service was fantastic; I liked the decor; but the food was just 'Meh'...in my opinion; where my hubby thought it was outstanding; so I will go with 4 stars and tell you my tale.  We were at fashion square doing some Christmas shopping and needed dinner; and we desired a 'gourmet' burger; when we did a yelp search this place came up. With the 4.5 Star rating we decided to try it; before reading the reviews. We called and were able to get a 9 pm reservation; which allowed me to do some more shopping. Perfect! We arrived and were immediately seated. However; we kept getting the wind from the entrance. We asked our server if we could move; and he was more than accommodating; and we had a new table in just a couple of minutes; even though the place was very busy. The new server was just as great. You can tell; they focus on providing an awesome dining experience through service. I LOVED THIS!This is what I didn't like - the place was so loud; that we couldn't have a conversation. In fact; I got a headache before our food even came out. There are two factors at play - the bar is in the middle of the restaurant; and when people drink they get loud. Also; they have high; open ceilings; without anything to 'absorb' the sound; so the loud laughing and all conversations; bounced off the walls. This esculates as the place fills up and when it is full; like it was last night; everyone is talking and laughing louder than normal; to the point where I heard people almost screaming. All this is bouncing off the walls; giving me one large headache. So there we sat; in silence; texting each other and facebooking because it really was too difficult to have a conversation.  After looking at the menu; and asking the server if they have hamburger; we found out they only had lamb burgers. While the reviews are good; they really aren't our thing. So much for Gourmet Burgers. We felt the menu was limiting; and our eyes were more focused on the desserts than anything else. The appetizers also looked better than the entrees; it seemed that there wasn't that much I liked; or if I did I felt it was overpriced. However; we were hungry and you yelpers love this place; so we decided to try a couple of entrees. We ordered the Chicken and Waffles appetizer (for the kid); while we split the scallops and the buttermilk chicken entrees. We also ordered bread; which brought my attention to the fact that there were no salt and pepper shakers on the tables. I happen to like a little salt and pepper in my olive oil for the bread; which tells us; as foodies; the chef thinks that everything is prepared to the perfect seasoning and you don't need salt and pepper shakers. I will tend to disagree. I probably should have asked for them; I am sure they would have brought some; but I didn't.  Our food came. I got 3 scallops for $24. They were fantastic; however; 3 scallops and some greens; no matter how good; is not worth $24; maybe $14. Thank goodness we split the entrees! I thought the buttermilk chicken was good; but not outstanding and liked the corn; it had a bit of a kick. However; I will say I do not like brussel sprouts; and I liked these (A+ for those). I sampled the kid's chicken fingers and I LOVED it! You can tell it was prepared in-house. The kid didn't care for the chicken fingers all that much but he loved the waffle; it was gone in about 30 seconds. And I felt the $10 price was spot on. The hubby actually didn't care for chicken fingers; but really liked the buttermilk chicken and he also loved the scallops.  Because all the desserts looked amazing we had to try them. Again; I was a bit disappointed; they all had great flavor; but nothing I would crave again. The pudding jar was such a unique dessert; but I felt like I was eating peanut butter out of the jar; and I was hoping for something a bit lighter...a pudding consistency. The apple pie was good; but it was all crust; it needed more filling. The gingerbread pudding - very good! (I was not disappointed; even the ice cream was awesome).So; has you can see; I am torn in the review because there were some things that were truly outstanding; where others fell short. I liked the concept; I like what they are trying to do with the menu; I like the décor and I LOVED; LOVED; LOVED the service. I wish there were a few more entrée selections. I would not rush to go back here; but I do want to go back. Also; I wouldn't recommend bringing your children; especially if they are picky like mine is!
I have been here a couple of times before and it has been fine.  So for small minor things that just need a quick check and antibiotics; it's fine.  I went in bc I suspected my daughter was dehydrated from diarrhea but wasn't ready to pull my husband out of work and brave the ER bc my baby; although miserable; was not yet lethargic.  I wanted to have them confirm or deny my suspicians so I could go from there.   As usual the receptionist was nice and we were taken back promptly.  Then the Dr came in.  I have not seen her there before.  This woman makes sour look sweet.  She was probably 40's or 50's and was nasty the whole time.  She snapped at my 4 yr old that was with me bc she was simply trying to talk to her and be friendly; she also made me feel like a horrible mother to the point that I was bawling bc she told me I waited too long to get it taken care of (see later notes; she was wrong).  She finally left and sent a nurse in to take a blood sample.  The nurse was so sweet; but the sampling was a complete disaster.  There was blood everywhere but in the vial after at least 10 min of trying.  She had to stop to wipe off her own hands and my screaming baby's hands several times bc there was so much blood everywhere.  She finally decided that it was enough and left.  I had blood all over my hands; my baby had blood all over her hands; there was even blood on the floor.  I actually cleaned all this up myself.  In the end there wasn't enough blood in the vial to do the test so I had to go to the ER anyway since I wasn't willing to let them do the test again.  So I spent a heartbreaking hour there with zero progress essentially.  It turned out at the ER that my baby was only mildly dehydrated so there was no need for that awful woman to make me feel like a bad mom; the ER probably would have turned me away if I had come in the day before bc she didn't need the IV yet.  Anyway so I fumed over this visit for a day and then called and left a message for the manager.  She called me back within a day and I recounted what happened.  She actually was very sweet; and was shocked and horrified at what happened.  She refunded my co-pay and assured me the nurse would get more training; and that she would talk to the owners.  In the end despite the horrible experience I think she did all she could.  I still think the Dr was awful; and they could have easily done the test on  a litmus type paper like they did at the hospital with almost no hassle at all so obviously that needs to change too.  The Dr's I have seen there in the past were all nice; so I don't know why what the deal is with this latest Dr.
GREAT COUNTRY STYLE RESTAURANT! This place is a diamond in the rough. All the food is fresh and homemade. In AZ you usually get Mexican food so its so nice to have a change. They treat you like your family. The french toast was AMAZING! This place should be on Diners; Drive-Ins and Dives. I never want this place to close.
The eggplants & gourmet vegetables are great.  The tofu seaweed need just a little bit more of salt. Everything is perfect. The service is good; fast;  friendly!I would like to go back to try other menus.
All I can say is that Capital Grill is always consistent.  I dine at this location regularly; but its truly good at any location I've been to: NY; Boston; Pittsburgh; etc.  The food is always great; but the service is top notch which in my opinion makes it worth the expense for what is typically an 'expense account' type restaurant.
awesome tacos and salsa. oh the cheesecake took; well; the cake i guess
Well the move to bigger and better digs definately agrees with them! The food is actually better and the menu has been expanded. La Fonda has grown up and has lived up to its potenial. Go check them out.
Nothing special... Seems like pre prepped pizza. Neighborhood is questionable and the interior doesn't help any with guys laying around watching T.V.Would NOT go here again.... doesn't matter Halal or not... there are better options out there.
Wonderful; friendly place. Food was healthy and delicious. Coffee was excellent. Visitor from KC
Costco is always a great place to go. The only problem is you just spend so much $$ when you are there. It is sort of like a relay store as you never know what you will find. You may find just what you want ; or find everything except what you came in for.People love the free samples; they are in there by the droves getting the free samples.If you go on the weekends it is torture; there are about 500 or more children running around trying to get the food samples. It is crazy!So I really prefer the week days.They are great with returns; but if you want a big item you have to figure it out how to get it home yourself.Parking is always cool and you must use cut up boxes for your purchases; so make sure to recycle; Please.They only take cash; check; or their own Credit card.
I am rating lunch; I imagine dinner is a much different experience.I came here for lunch as it looked like a nice fancy place to have a dinner date with the wife; the staff was very nice and it is a ecstatically pleasing environment on the inside... but the food was pretty poor and overpriced.  My wife got a chicken sammich and I got a Reuben; both tasted like uncooked vinegar.  I think it was something to do with the toppings on both.  I expect it a bit from a Reuben due to the kraut; but not from the sammich she got.  Even trying to look past that; it was fairly unsatisfying.  Along with waters and one soup that we shared the tag was over $30 which is fairly surprising for what we got.
We were wanting to try this place for a while - we entered during lunch time and we were the only ones there so the wait service was awesome.  FYI:  they will only bring you water and chips if you request it otherwise they will not bring them.  I was disappointed in the menu it was not too big and most of there items were on the spicy side which our family does not eat.  Plus we have an allergy to soy and all there items have not only Soy but Genetically modified soy is the worse stuff ever... the wait staff did try to find me something to eat without soy and they did not realize Soy is the # 1 ingredient in mayo....so could not eat anything except the chips which were really good...They do have a gluten free menu but they should have a Soy free gluten free menu as well - so I will not be returning.
The girlfriend and I decided to find a place to watch the game and we ended up finding this gem.  It seems there are a lot of reguars who eat here every Sunday; and this day was no exception.  The food was better than we expected.  The wings are especially tasty when compared to other places I've been to.  The service was perfect when speaking of sports bars.  Full drinks; food in front of you; happy camper.  There are televisions everywhere; so you can watch more than one game.
Came in for happy hour the other night. It wasn't too busy or crowded. The service was super attentive; felt a tad rushed by the server but no biggie. The Ahi Tuna salad was GREAT and priced well. Dressing was really tasty and tuna was perfect. They had quite a few happy hour drink deals. Definitely recommend!
Coming back home from old town scottsdale we noticed the wood fire pizzeria and gelato place. The yelp reviews were good so what did we have to lose? Pulling into the back they have a pretty good amount of parking for a restaurant in this section of town.We were greeted by a cheerful cashier and perused the menu of a wide variety of pizza choices; gelato and coffee.  They have a huge selection of gelato in a large glass ounter in the front. It was pretty impressive. It's a bright modern pizzeria inside it appeared from the outside to have an upstairs; but I didn't notice a way to get to it. We grabbed a seat in the outer dining room not noticing it was cleverly disguised out door seating.  I can't really recommend it on unusually cold days in December; but it wasn't too bad.The pizza guy twirling the crusts on the side counter which was a pretty cool touch.  The food was a pretty good size; came out promptly;  and had a good wood fired crunchy crust with just the right amount of sauce and toppings. I'll definitely be back for another pie and try the gelato and coffee.Try:- Veggie White Pizza
Great beer choices!  Think i counted 20 something on tap. The beers are strong and unique enough the they put the % of alcohol next to each on the menu. Cozy on the inside with lots of seating on the outside.  Great service. If u are looking to try a purple/few exotic; strong beers...this place is perfect.  If ur looking for good prices on pitchers of beer; this probably ISN'T your spot.
Perfect place for a work day lunch. Locally owned too.
First off; I've got to say that the location and decor of this place is awesome. Great job by whoever is responsible for that. This is a great place for a date; or for brunch with friends on the weekends. The food is excellent and the service is outstanding. I would go more often; but it is a little on the pricy side... but well worth it.
Love this place; great lunch deal for this side of town. Fast service and friendly staff.
This Walmart is located on the Salt River Indian Reservation. Friendly employees. Item was in stock. Used the self-checkout!
Yes; this place is amazing; as so many other reviews say.  So amazing; that when family of mine decided to buy a place in Fountain Hills; one of my first thoughts was OMG Sweet Republic is ON THE WAY.  I'll have an excuse to go ALL THE TIME.They let you taste samples; of course; so go nuts!Some of my favorites:  Peanut Butter Chip; Basil Lime Sorbet; Honey Blue Cheese--which you HAVE to at least get a sample of--and Real Mint Chip.
Serrano's is an average Mexican place.  Very Americanized.  But the food is fine.  The chips are fine; the salsa is fine.  I had the chimi; and it was fine also.  Nothing special; but not bad.They're comparable to Garcia's and few other such places.  They can't touch La Tolteca; though.  But if La Tolteca is too far; and you're near this place; it's fine.
There is nothing like homemade biscuits. They've got em and they look absolutely mahvelous. Had lunch with a large group of people and the place was rockin'; but we got seated quickly and comfortably and were served drinks in just a few minutes. To tell the truth; there was a lot I wanted to try; but I ordered the Veggie sandwich as I always like to see the interpretation of this sandwich. I am not a vegan; just love veggies; and this one would have been perfect for me if it would have had red onions instead of white. I did request mayo instead of ranch but that didn't detract from the flavor so if you are a veggie lover and want to take your carnivorous friends someplace where you all can be satisfied; The Place is your place. My mates had big crispy chix fry with gravy; eggs; sausage; both types of breakfast potatoes; green chili omelletes;and of course; biscuits and gravy. The hot turkey san looked like it came from a NY style deli; piled high with the good stuff and quite honestly; we all pigged out; and came away very satisfied at a reasonable price. I'll be back for breakfast next time; and will come hungry.
I've used Controlled Rain for years and they've always arrived on time with great customer service.  I don't know that they're the cheapest but if you have a nasty irrigation problem they're all over it!  A+!
If you want a great steak without having to worry if your steak is going to be cooked correctly; go here. My boyfriend took me here for graduation dinner and it was very nice. Our server was great. He was knowledgeable about the wine menu and recommended an awesome bottle to go with our seafood tower. The tower was good; I love that you can order exactly how much of what you want (1 prawn; 4 king crab legs; whatever you choose). The steak was absolutely perfect. Definitely order the butter cake. It might just be the best cake I've ever had; and the strawberries that came with it surprisingly had that garden fresh taste that is hard to find anymore.
Went to the late night bingo and it was fun. They have the new bingo hall that just reopened recently. I have never been here before so I don't know what it was like before but I thought it was pretty good. Every casino is really smoky but I think they did a pretty good job with the ventilation in this room. The people that were working were really really nice and helpful. I can't wait to go back!
I have been going to Mongolian BBQ's for a long time.  While this is not the best it is better then the valleys other chain of Mongolian BBQ; YC's.  The selection of meats is great.  I also love that they have tortillas available.  The service and been just OK and this location seems a tight for space.  But we will be returning and enjoying it.
i love how people are trying to get free stuff and when they dont they put that it is a bad place. it is krispy kreme they serve there doughnuts hot and fresh if you want old doughnuts go to the supermarket. I went in i got my doughnut off of the belt and it melted in my mouth and was what i expected
Every year I book a room here for a place to crash after the GoDaddy Holiday party.So I get a discounted rate @ $90/room.I got an upgrade to a city view... so I had a view of South Mountain and Chase field.Kinda nice.Other than that... its a hotel room.But here is why I give 2 stars:#1We were up rather late partying; so didn't turn in till about 2:30am.At 5:00am the alarm clock on the nightstand goes off!GAH!!!! AWFUL AWFUL AWFUL ALARM CLOCK!!!And its one of those old school 1990's clocks with 4 hundred buttons all over it with no clue how to truly turn it off ! Why do they still have these clocks?!?! Seriously?!?!#2Of course we go back to sleep...But then at 8:30am I hear some distant knocking...and ...housekeeping...... Is that at our door?? No; go back to sleep...But yes it was! Housekeeping at 8:30am?! Really???!! I'm in a room that I have booked for a 1 night stay and check out is at 11am...Why is housekeeping there at 8:30am?!BOOOOOOOOO! #3Finally get up; a bit woozy at around 10:00am and start getting ready to leave.Turn on the hot water in the sink in preparation to shave.Put my hand under the water stream to wash off the shave cream and get a 1st degree burn!Seriously! That water had to be 120 degrees at least!#4Upon check out; I explain my Motel 6 experiences and the person behind the desk gives me that typical Oh I'm so sorry...have a nice day.. She didn't write my issues down; she didn't commit to following up or anything. I felt as though she truly did not care.
This place needs to not be such a secret. I have been looking for a place like this since Glendale closed down many of their shops and after coming back from Lake Mary Fl where the entire town has these little delightful specialty stores. What a wonderful adventure in the Secret Village's 6 little specialty shops. Think Coomers meets Jootenhoops. I loved their Mark Roberts collection and their unique teacher gifts. The staff here were incredible. Another reason to shop here; Buy Local. Their 6 shops are themed for Cooking/kitchen; kids; pets; man cave; and collectables. They also do a once a month vendor sale. Amazingly; they do not charge the vendors to participate either. This place needs to expand. Thank you to the lovely folks I talked to today and my new found holiday treasures.
Just opposite to Thunderbird business school...Food is OK .. The service is very poor.. Infact one of the person is very rude
Friendly service; great food; affordable prices. Accommodated our group of 18 with ease. Would definitely go back if I'm ever back in Phoenix!
Dumpy place; DELICIOUS food. Honestly; who cares what this place looks like. We ordered our food; sat at a table and waited for our number to be called. My kids were skeptical at first but the waft of greasy; deep fried burritos reached their nostrils and all sense of doubt faded in the blink of an eye. Mmmm; mmm; mmmmm....chimichanga heaven. Even though this place is clearly not a 5 star restaurant; I highly recommend it to everyone.
I live really close; so I order from them often. Not anymore. The food is good; but I'm getting tired of the piss poor service. Last few times I have ordered they either took a ridiculous amount of time to fill the order and deliver it (I literally live a block away); or they forget one of my items. I just ordered again; and wrote in the notes not to put any ice in my TWO pepsis that I ordered. I wanted to see if they actually read the notes. Well; my husband answers the door while I'm in the other room; and when I come out... sure enough they read the notes. No ice; but they only brought one drink. SO ANNOYING. Make sure you never tip them until they actually bring your food. I'm just going to have to find another place to get chinese food from. Thanks for the disappointment; Golden Egg Roll. That's a good $30-$60 a week you just lost from my orders.
Ditto on other comments about the chips n' salsa. Whoduthunk that simply putting 4 kinds of chips would make a basic appetizer so much better?
Brought my family here. I'm glad that the staff spoke Tagalog so that my mother could talk with them natively. We ordered a lot of food and it was very good and affordable. We'll be back!
The Heard Museum is probably one of the best we have ever been in!The history of the indigenous First Nation people in North America is both sad and very compelling.  And; the collection the Heard family has assembled and the museum has added to is incredible.  Yet; it's the little exhibits that move me the most.  I am still brought to tears whenever at the end of touring; I come to the hand crafted dolls of the US Marine WWII Navajo code talkers raising the American flag (See photos).On our most recent trip here; we enjoyed the Barry Goldwater Bolo Tie exhibit; and  listening to the tour guide of First Nation peoples in Arizona.BTW; the best deal is becoming a Member of the Heard by showing your AAA card.  It's a small discount but you get their magazine and newsletter.Enjoy!
We love Rustler's Rooste! We just moved to the area; and have stopped by twice. Both times; the food and atmosphere were amazing. We ordered the NFL Burger; and it was phenomenal - enough food for 2 or 3 to share at a great price. We went there again for New Years Eve. We ordered a full rack of pork ribs; and it was so much food we had to take half home! Delicious! Great view! We will definitely be back - many times!
So this is my second time in here and I forgot how much I love their breakfast. First; they have a cute modern feel with outside seating. Second; they have great coffee! The pancakes are moist and not too filling and my favorite was the jalapeño cornbread. I want to go back just for that!
I'll just get this out of the way:  the only reason I am giving less than 4 stars is because of the service.  The food; on the other hand; is incredible.  Dare I say Best.Guacamole.Ever.? Oh; it's definitely up there. We came in for lunch.  It was busy; but not every table is seated or there's a wait kind of busy.  It was...lively.  We were seated immediately; however we waited for OVER 10 minutes for anyone to even come up to our table.  We finally got a server's attention; and she really was sweet and apologetic. We ordered and she promised to get our order up on the fly.  From that point on; we must have had 4 different servers.  One took our order; one brought us our order and helped us put in another order of the guac to go; one brought our bill; and one broke my change.  It just started off all janky because we were sort of this orphan table; then we had several servers.  It just made for an uneven experience.But the food! Whooooweee. I've never had guac like theirs before - chunks of orange; cojita cheese; tons of cilantro...the works.  They really nail it. My co-worker and I split the halibut tacos; cochinita tacos and chicken chilaquiles.  I would have been a bit happier to see a larger portion of fish in the taco; as all that came with it was a tiny piece.  But everything was cooked perfectly; spiced and seasoned perfectly and delicious.  The red salsa/sauce at the table had a great amount of kick.  The green was more mild but just as flavorful. Cochinita pork taco melted in your mouth; and the chilquiles with the fried egg on top (seriously; fried egg on anything is a win) were hearty but not heavy just loaded with amazing flavor. Loved them.I am definitely willing to give them a shot to redeem the poor service.  I understand people have their off days.  And while better attention could be paid; it's cretainly not as if we were being purposely ignored. I wish I would have gotten our servers name who took our order - she brought this review back from 1-2 stars.
I can't believe that I am 53 years old and have never been to a Red Robin anywhere. What have I been waiting for?  Maybe my doctor would have approved of that fact; since had I experienced RR earlier in life; I'd probably be 50 lbs heavier with a  cholesterol level through the roof.Anyhow; I had the Royal Red Robin; complete with the obligatory fried egg. It was awesome! Fresh and oh; so tasty!I love you; Red Robin.
My boyfriend and I are visiting Scottsdale from NJ and we just happened upon BQ one afternoon while exploring.  What drew us in was the sign outside announcing their $3 tacos and $3 margaritas during happy hour.  This was a great find.  We had a few tacos; 2 of which were the happy hour special that day and one extra -- one was salmon & mango which my bf said was amazing; another had cactus in it; and mine was pulled pork if I remember correctly.  Both the food and margs were amazing.  The bartenders were extremely friendly; one even gave us a bunch of recommendations of bars to check out while we were in town.  The only reason it doesnt get 5 stars from me is because it closes so early.  It seems like so many restaurants in this area close by like 9 or 10pm; which is crazy to me because Im used to not even going out to dinner until 830 or 9pm.  Regardless; we're going to try and stop in again before we leave.
I've always been a big fan of TJ's and I really enjoy this particular location. They do tastings of wines and treats quite frequently and they always have fresh coffee out. I look forward to getting the Fearless Flyer in the mail so I can see what new goods they are carrying each week. They have some great seasonings and spices that you can't find in any other stores. I also love the fact that the servings sizes are always small; so it works perfectly for single gals or couples. Their produce section can be lacking variety; but whatever they carry is always fresh and in season. They also carry gorgeous flower arrangements cheaper than most other stores in the valley. I can't do all my shopping here due to the lack of toiletries and cleaning products; but if I am looking strictly for week night meals this is the perfect place.
I'll be honest; the food was so good I ate here twice in one day. Very simple; clean; but elegant pairings with the freshest ingredients around. I had the edamame dumplings and the farmer's market salad for lunch. The dumplings were more like ravioli with a bit of truffle oil - some of the best I've had. I really would have been happy with an entire plate of these for my meal! The salad was fresh and crisp; and an interesting combination of ingredients - golden beets; kale; romaine; manchego cheese; avocado; with a light champagne vinagerette. Later; I ordered the thai dumplings and steelhead salmon for dinner. The dumplings were good; but not as good as the edamame dumplings from lunch. The salmon was cooked perfectly - good sear on the outside; and moist on the inside - all on top of a bed of beets; greens; and red quinoa. Price is a bit of a drawback here; but I suppose you pay for what you get when it comes to the calibur of the ingredients. I don't live in AZ; but a True Food just opened in Denver where I live - can't wait to get back here.
Located right across from Symphony Hall; we decided to have a drink before a show.   Networks was not that busy with many watching the games on the flat screens.  We sat there for about 5 minutes; no one came by to greet us or take our orders so we moved to the bar and had a quick drink.  Not my first place for a drink downtown!
Awful chocolates!!!!  This is perhaps the worst chocolate we have ever eaten.  Beautiful; yes.  But the chocolate ganaches were so bad I had to spit them out.  My husband and I agree they are inedible.  They have a funky chemical taste to them that hits you pretty quickly.  The truffles and caramels were OK but all of the flavors of the ganaches are just awful. I splurged on the holiday assortment in a red hat box; which is a lovely box but pointless if the chocolates are inedible.   I am going to have to throw away most of these.
The first time i came here; everything was on point!! I got their delicious chips and salsa along with 2 shrimp tacos; 2 fish tacos; and 2 carve Asada tacos. All sooo good. My boyfriend thought the carne Asada tacos tasted like cat food; but I liked them! I also got their Bloody Mary and its one of the best I've had! I went back here last night for their awesome all day Tuesday happy hour with my BFF and we got the corn on the cob thing with paprika which was recommended to us by our super awesome waitress and I got 2 fish tacos and a carne Asada taco. My friend got 2 carne Asada tacos and a shrimp taco. We also got their guacamole which was delicious! and we can't forget about those Bloody Mary's! I thought the carne Asada tacos tasted better this time around while she thought the meat was over cooked and preferred her first time there better. The reason they lost a star from me is because if their inconsistency of their food. I guess I always go back to a place thinking what I get this time will taste exactly like last time. And also their drinks aren't strong at all. My friend and I are both light weights and we didn't feel a think after 2 bloody Mary's. usually after 2 drinks; were flying! Overall; I do love this place!
Best place in all of Phoenix to have breakfast!!!!!!
The bbq here is pretty good; but that has been documented well by others. My favorite thing on the menu is actually the fried chicken. It's a HUGE boneless breast that is breaded in a yummy coating and although it is fried; it is not a big greasy blob. It comes with two sides; but they suggest one be the mashed potatoes and gravy. The mash is really quite good. There is a hint of spice in there that is unexpected and nice.  My only gripe is that they serve the gravy on top of the fried chicken and I have never understood why you would drench something crispy in anything that is going to eventually turn everything to a gooey mess.  The flavor is great. Just put it on the side.The free donuts are a nice touch; but nothing special; so save the calories and get the banana pie/pudding thing. The crust is made of crushed nuts; which is then topped with a substantial layer of bannana pudding. All of this is then topped with carmelized bananas and drizzled in carmel. YUMMO!!And if you like their macaroni and cheese (which IMHO) is heavenly cheesy goodness; skip it as a side and order a quart to go instead.  You will get about 8 to 10 side servings for around $6.50 and that is a HUGE savings over the sides price.Put your walking shoes on for the hike you will need to burn off the calories and just know going in that you have to through your diet out the window for one good meal.
I chose this facility for my first pregnancy because I wanted to have a natural as possible delivery and I'd read the the midwives here were very supportive of that. Let me just say that every single visit I had to wait at least an hour to be seen; the ladies at the desk were rude lazy and all they did was talk badly of the midwives.  Once I waited almost 2 hours because they hasn't even checked me in and let my midwife know I was there for my appointment. There were 3 midwives that I loved; one of whom was new and actually ended up being the one at my delivery; the other 2 I absolutely hated. One told me she didn't care that I wanted to avoid drugs and intervention and told me there was no point in considering it. The other actually told me that she was offended I hadn't seen her regularly instead of another and was irritated by every question I had. The ultrasound tech didnt even ask if we wanted to know the gender she just blurted it out; thats fine because we wanted to know but for other families who choose not to i thought that was unprofessional and insensitive; she also always acted like she was upset and annoyed. The midwife I saw regularly was Kim and she was wonderful except for one thing. My delivery at Phoenix Baptist hospital was a nightmare; after the anesthesiologist screwed up my epidural TWICE I declined another and she literally pinned me and they forced yet another excruciating epidural on me. I don't know if that was her or the hospitals choice but it was extremely traumatic for me. Ultimately I was forced into a c-section. I think that if they changed the front desk staff and didn't force patients to deliver at Phoenix baptist hospital this practice would be a lot more successful and patients would be happier. Personally I will not choose them for my second pregnancy.
Had lunch here yeasterday and it was fantastic as usual.  It does not seem to matter what you order the meats are all fantastic.  If you are not sure what you want they will let you sample a few things first.  I do have to say that so far I have not found a side item that is any were near as good as the meats.  I have tried the coleslaw; potato salid; cream corn and corn on the cob; all just ok.  But who cares the meats are so good you wont want to waist a single bite on anything else.  So skip them and get more meat you can't go wrong.  The Bannana puddings is very good though.
Beware of loose carts by your car; pets in carts and moldy produce.I have to shop here for the Nylabone Nubs I think they have some sort of Dog Crack in them.Each Costco has it's own flavor.
Five star service.  Any time we called with a request (e.g. extra towels); we'd get a call from the hotel a bit later making sure our request was fulfilled.  Room was nice; bathroom was spacious.  Spent a day at the Willow Stream Spa there which was much worth it.  Grounds are very nice.  Ate at the La Hacienda and it was delicious.  We got a great deal via Hotwire so that made the stay even better!
After reading all the rave reviews about BLT Steak's happy hour I wanted to try it for myself. Yelpers; once again you have not failed me. The rave reviews were spot on - this place is fantastic. Boyfriend and I snagged ourselves a comfy spot on a couch next to the firepit on the patio. The atmosphere is comfortable; romantic and warm. We were immediately greeted by our waitress who pointed out the happy hour menu. They have several drink options and many food options. We were there for the food and ordered a few items to share - the popovers (a must); the charcuterie plate; the burger and the truffle fries.Hands down the standout of the night was the popovers. They were huge; fluffy; and full of eggy goodness. They are served with butter and salt - it's really all they need - yum! But I added in some of the meat from the charcuterie plate and it was an excellent combo if I do say so myself. Everyone who says get the popovers is right - get the popovers!The burger was very tasty. A good size - plenty for sharing and cooked just right. The fries were my least favorite. I was excited by the description - truffle fries with parmesan cheese - but the fries were overcooked (too hard) and the truffle was overpowering. Not my thing I guess.The service was really good too. Even though you'd spend WAY more on dinner inside I never felt like I was part of the cheap crowd. I felt like we were treated the same way we would be if we were dropping $200 even though we dropped less that $50. I appreciated that and it's smart because now I'm very likely to come back and blow a wad on a special occasion! Well played; BLT Steak! I highly recommend BLT Steak's happy hour. It was the dining highlight of my weekend.
I have been going here for a few years now and in the last year or so I can say that I go about 4 times per week. I LOVE this place and I love the staff. I get either different Iced Tea that is not brewed so they specially brew it for me OR a Mocha and I have never had a proble with my drink here. The staff are always friendly and they are not ROBOTS like at othe coffee places I used to go to. I will drive out of my way to stop in because I enjoy this place so much....
The service is great and atmosphere is terrific. The pizza was good; but I wasn't necessarily impressed with the crepes for dessert. Too much Nutella and not enough bananas. Appetizer we had was sub par. Personally I don't see what all the hype is with this place. Not a bad experience by any means though.
You have to visit this bakery.  The sisters that own it are super friendly and make delicious treats.  Everyone that I have sent in there agrees with me. They made a root beer float cupcake that was so amazing. They are truly a part of the local community featuring local artists on their walls.Do yourself a favor and make the trip; you won't regret it.
Great atmosphere and service. Very clean for an Indian restaurant. Food was enjoyable. Chicken tikka a bit dry but still good. Was not sure about this place at first due to location; but definitely glad I went in.
If you haven't had Sunday brunch at the Herb Box then you are missing out. Even more than the food; the bartender; Gary; is truly a local treasure. A weekend without Steak and Eggs and a few too many Irish coffees with Gary just doesn't feel complete. Truly the best part of our weekends!
I visited on New Year's Day hoping to find the traditional sauerkraut and sausage my parents used to make to start the new year. I did check out the Yelp reviews first and noted two restaurants in the same parking lot. I had a coupon for the other one; but discovered it was closed. The read the reviews for Bavarian Point and initially was hesitant. The overall star rating was slightly above average; but upon further review most of the very good reviews were old. The reviews from the past two years were poor-low; but I risked it and went inside. One of the negative comments from other reviews stated the service was slow. It took a lot of time to be greeted and there wasn't a sign saying please seat yourself. Both of these appear to have been addressed as there was a sign; I picked a table; and was immediately helped by what I presumed was the owner. It wasn't very busy when I arrived - only one table of three older ladies. As I stayed for my meal a few more small groups arrived.I ordered the Wurst Pfanne - which was exactly what I was looking for (only more of it): polish sausage; Bratwurst; and Weisswurst served with sauerkraut and fried potatoes. The meal also came with my choice of salad bar or noodle & vegetable soup. I went with the soup and ordered a Spatan Dunkel to wash it all down.  The soup arrived quickly as did a free order of bread. When the food arrived it was a large portion; garnished with Alf alpha sprouts; tomato; and a side of spicy mustard. For $15.95 it was more than I would typically spend on a lunch; but there was plenty of food to bring home. The beer was $5 and even though I didn't eat half of my meal I went for dessert too (another $5.50). They have apple strudel; but I went with cake. German chocolate is my favorite; but the server talked me into Black Forest. She said she liked German chocolate; but after having Black Forest she hasn't returned. This was good; but afterwards I would probably stick with German chocolate. Overall the experience was good - the service was efficient; there restaurant had a nice appearance; and the food was excellent. I would probably give it another try.
I brought a group here for my birthday; the wait was worth it. I ordered the pilgrim and it was delicious. I love everything about this place.
Even though it was super freezing ( plenty of heaters were set up ) and the space was too small for such grandiose Gatspy trappings ;in my opinion ...The W Hotel and their Great Gatsby NYE bash still gets 5 stars from me .Fabulous Gatsby feel (all the bartenders looked swank)- The entire place looked amazing on all levels ;dripping with feathers and glitz;authentic period pieces and art.Trapeze artist ;jazz band and D.J and upon the ice rink were skaters gliding and dancing ..it was magical .Everyone was decked out to the Gatsby max ;flapper girls and fly guys galore were rolling in .This event was crowded and as i remarked in the beginning of this review it was a dash small so dancing was difficult especially where the band was set up ;there was no real defined dance floor space ;so we just plopped on the comfy couches and sipped our champagne digging the smooth jazz sound.We were thankful we reserved a cabana because most areas outside the VIP areas were swamped .My adult children were looking forward to cutting some serious rug when they heard the DJ ;however in the end it was a giant grind ;lol...in this crush.We all booked the overnight package for this event ;so each couple got to stay in a room above a standard room -called the wonderful .This room was very close to 500sq ft and super clean .Nicely decorated with a king size feather bed with pillow top ;the bed was very comfortable ;and i cannot rave enough about the bathroom as the floor was gorgeous and tied in nicely with the stone features and frosted glass.Decent sized flat screen tv and ipod docker and seating area. We also recieved complimentary champagne for the room and a snack assortment .Staff was wonderful( professional ;helpful;personable)It was so wonderful to start my birthday and NYE dining at Sushi Roku ;then stepping back in time at the Gatsby bash and finishing the evening in a really nice room .This cost a few thousand to step back in time ;and we did !The W exceeded our expectations ...we had a blast .I totally look forward to coming back !Our new year started out swank ;thank you !
Great place; love the food- the onion rings are amazing!  I love the area; you can take the kids right next door to the community garden; which is beautiful to a farm girl like me. I only wish I lived closer so that I could be a regular!
Fleming's is definitely a special occasion place but well worth it. The service was very professional and attentive. The food was very well prepared; just the way we ordered it. I felt that everyone made the effort to make the experience the best that it could be. My husband ordered the peppercorn steak which was cooked just right while I had the small plate of lamb chops. They were wonderful. The Fleming's potatoes are hot to the table and so yummy. A great evening out.
Good BBQ; great price! I got a full slab of ribs; 2-meat plate w/ brisket & hot link; 2 sides of coleslaw; potato salad; and apple cobbler all for around $50. Their coleslaw is the best; I think they put apple slices - so refreshing! And their desserts have a homey taste to them. Service is also great. I needed help carrying my trays and the lady behind the counter came out to assist.
I am a carnivore and I loved this place!!  I got the Spicy Peanut Salad.  It had a nice miso vinaigrette  dressing that wasn't too tangy but had a nice zip.  The salad was very fresh.  I wasn't wild about the texture of the mock chicken and the pieces were too large but; the flavor was good and definitely added to the salad.  We also split green hummus appetizer - OMG!!!  Definitely order that.  The pita chips are fried and nice and crispy....the hummus is a wonderful texture and the flavor tasted like more!  We also split the samosas which I wasn't as wild about.  I was expecting spicy Indian chutney type of samosas but instead; these were more sweet (picture apple turnovers) Middle Eastern type of somosas.  Not bad but not what I was hoping for.  The portions are large for the price and I left feeling very full.  I would definitely go back again and get the hummus and maybe try one of their curry bowls which looked really good.  Great value for the money and nice to know I was actually eating healthy for a change.
The food meets expectations but the portion is very French.  The banchans were very tasty and I loved the sweet apple with mayo.  I left hungry and refills of banchans were not offered.  I hoped they actually had combination meals but I had to order the soup separately which will set me back $25 for lunch which I am not exactly willing to do as many Korean restaurant in LA would be considered a norm.  That said; the presentations were excellent.
I've lived here for several years now and it took a friend from another part of town to tell me about this trail.  Checked it out and the views are great.   It's a hidden gem... for now.
Good food and customer service but EXPENSIVE for what you get.
I don't know where all these reviews are coming from.  Simply put; Petes Fish and Chips is the best!  Shrimp and chips taste great!  Fries are great!  Burgers are great and the burritos are great!  I think most of these bad comments are from outsiders who were expecting some 5 star diner taste.  No; this is streets not classy dine in.  Everytime we hit Arizona; the first place I have to stop is Petes!  Now if you experience different; I don't know what to tell you...The only thing that stinks about this place is they don't accept cards!  Get some extra sauce too! :)
I just recently joined and recieved an introduction to Crossfit... truly life changing and a really fun way to challenge yourself; no matter what your starting level.
...if you're stuck downtown; I guess; but otherwise I really can't think of a reason to go here as opposed to any of the other 50+ theaters with free (ample) parking; more theaters; and vastly more comfortable seating options.
This is a hidden gem. The great company might influence a little bit in the rating but it deserves every single star.The place has a great ambiance with artwork all over the place. An open kitchen with the chef cooking and greeting the guests.The service was really good and the bathrooms clean (which; at least for me; is pretty important).The booth were I sat was unexpectedly deep/plush although very comfortable.The house pinoit noir was meh; but no complains. The starters were terrific. Ceviche was tasteful and a nice portion. Ba Mie Goreng was also super tasty. We shared both dishes so a couple of extra shrimp would be appreciate (I'll ask next time for extra shrimp to have 2 per person).Finally I ordered a special; the short rib. It was delicious. Maybe too big of a serving but that's OK. Next time I might order more dishes to share since the entrees are pretty big.BTW; the desert was normal size; which is always appreciated!Definitely a must.
Great cafe with delicious muffins and americanos!
Great store that's open to the public.They have a great selection of disposables in plastic; aluminum and foam. They also sell individually making it optimal for home use and small businesses that don't need cases of 1;000 pieces each.They also have an amazing collection of small kitchen appliances at amazingly low prices. Examples: small digital kitchen scale $15; small hand mixer with plastic stand $13.50; small food processor $10.
New owners. Strange having San Diego microbrews when there are fabulous locally-brewed microbrews in PHX. The caramel-chipotle wings were kind of a sticky mess; heavy on the caramel but the chipotle or punch of spice was missing.  It was described as their famous (infamous?) caramel-chipotle sauce and I certainly can't all it anything but a mouthful of sticky sweet caramel with no zing -- and at $8 for 8; I'd expected something much better.The other option was tavern sauce which is a mixture of buffalo sauce and BBQ sauce -- ugh! I didn't try it but I have at other bars and its a disgusting combination. Please; have a basic Hot Buffalo Sauce option; nail it and leave the other sauces as options.  A sports bar HAS to get buffalo wings down and these were anything but. Tried the calamari which was advertised with a orange-lime something sauce (can't remember) but was nothing more than ketchup and mayonnaise. Also; it was sold as topped with cilantro; mint and basil whereas when they arrived at our table; cold; there were a couple sprinkles of tired and brown basil.  Largely a cold; tentacled disaster with Utah-style ring sauce and something formerly green sprinkled on top.The menu looks fantastic.  Clearly it was written by a professional but the end product doesn't quite match the delicious descriptions. My suggestions are to dumb down the menu to match the product that comes out of the kitchen or make damned sure you run quality control before you present your patrons with their food.And San Diego microbrews in the land of Four Peaks; San Tan; Nimbus and now Fate brewery?  That's akin to serving mild Pace picante sauce out of a central Phoenix taco truck.Please.  I want to love this place as it's in my neighborhood but you have to get your shizzle together. Please please please.  Get the wings down; get the calamari HOT and as described in the menu and if you're going to showcase microbrews from San Diego; tell me more than well; there's a dark; I think there is an IPA and uhh some other onesYou take care of those things and McDowell mountain ranch will take care of your bar. Work on QC because SG 101 is too close to Four Peaks; Twin Peaks and a host of other bars to send food like that out.
I loved shopping here!  Great prices; good selection; usually kept in good order and smells wonderful during the winter holidays.
This is the only place I go shopping for bras now.  I live 45 minutes away  and found this place from another review. I decided to make the drive down to get a bra for a wedding. I loved my experience so much; I found the perfect bra for the strapless dress; that I bought an everyday at the same time.  It was the first bra in a long time that actually fit perfectly! Karla is so kind; and really cares about finding you a good bra that looks good! It's a trek from my house; but it's so worth it because I know I'm getting a great bra that will last for a long time!
Nicest people ever walked in on Sunday with 9 of us and were accommodated promptly. We had different plates of food and we enjoyed every bit of it all.  No take outs this visit we loved the food and customer service.  I must say separate tickets were not a problem at all.
Will Return; tried the Flatbread AND sweet potato fries and they were good. Ambiance and actual design of the place; Just mediocre. The price was good; food was good and I believe they have a full bar.
Friendly service; close to ASU campus and good selection of used games. I recently went for the Call of Duty Black Ops 2 midnight release and they did a pretty good job keeping the mob in check.
Amazing! Never a dull or bad experience. Their campfire sundae is insane! We always bring out of town guests here. I love that they sell their ice cream in Whole Foods.
This is the hardest working taco shop in town. These guys work 24/7 365 to serve hot wholesome Mexican food. Christmas Day? No problemo you can get some food. My special orders are always welcome and ask them for everything from Carnita w/ chili relleno to all vegetarian no cheese. Prices are awesome and the service is friendly in any language.
I went here for lunch with a coworker and we both got the lunch special that came with a cheese enchilada and a green chili tamale. The price was reasonable for lunch about $8 if I remember correctly. You get chips and salsa when you first sit down which is good because it helps to distract you from the slightly slow service. When our food finally came; it was really good. A big plate of cheesy goodness. Definitely not healthy for you though since everything is covered in cheese. This place reminds me of Macayos a bit but in my experience; I prefer this place if I were to choose between the two.
Best Funeral Services has helped my family twice now.  Both times they have been considerate of our spiritual and emotional need to provide the best quality care for our loved ones.The focus was on taking care of our loved ones and not on which packages we had to buy.  As she guided us through the process Julia  R.  was more of a family member than a funeral director.The end result was a beautiful; dignified farewell to our loved ones.
Gluten-Free pizza crust - amazing; chewy; flavorful; finally! This is the main reason I want to go back and give MM at Happy Valley a second chance.Small flies shared my table. This is the main reason I'm hesitant to give it a second chance  :(Friday seems to be the big day for deliveries; at least in this location.....and deliveries lend to distracted managers at the lunch hour; which is not good. The food I ordered took forever to get to the table; and the server seemed to forget which tables were hers and if she had already taken some orders or not?!The entree salad was tasty; but didn't have near enough turkey on it for an entree. Pizza with white sauce = yum; especially offset by the sun dried tomatoes.I know...this review is a bit disjointed....kinda like my visit that day!
Best Mexican food in AZ!Love this new location; very clean!Shrimp burrito as good as the other location !
Uninspired and blend pizza!
Imagine driving by the shopping center for weeks; seeing the opening soon sign for yet another Triple D featured restaurant.....waiting.....waiting.....waiting.....until one Sunday morning; we think it is open.  We pull in only to see the dumpster still out front.  But wait - there are people inside.....could it be......maybe.......yes! It was the soft opening for Over Easy; a new shining star in the East Valley skies!We happened to fall into the restaurant on the day BEFORE the official grand opening - which meant that we were one of the first to taste their menu on this side of town while overlooking the little oops that come with opening a new business.The decor is bright and cheerful - and comfortable.  Nothing fancy; very functional - so I won't review the service that day b/c it still had some kinks to work out - and that was to be expected  - but i will say that what those servers lacked in experience; they made up for in enthusiasm in trying to get it right - and I am sure by now they have!We decided to start with the very basics and just ordered omelets and coffee.  I like that the omelet menu lets you choose a meat; a cheese; and a veggie so you can really make it your way.  The omelets come with potatoes and toast.  Lots of potato selections including old-fashioned slice potato home fries; just like my mom made in her restaurant.  No onions or peppers; just good fried potatoes.  Nice toast selection as well - including marble rye which was a treat for me (I never see marble here - reminded me of back home).  THe omelet was nicely stuffed - I ordered ham; mushroom and swiss.  There was some time taken with the omelet to ensure a good even mix of fillings and I the 'shrooms were freshly sauted; not canned and - I could be wrong - but I swear there were baby bellas in there.  Either way; it was a hearty breakfast.  Coffee was hot; fresh; and a nice blend - strong enough for DH but not so strong that I couldn't enjoy an extra cup.  As we looked around to see what the other patrons were enjoying; we saw lots of omelets and egg dishes; with a few diners enjoying the Brioche French toast.  Lots of clean plates and happy faces.  I think that OE Gilbert is off to a good start - and a welcome addition to the neighborhood!
I can't speak for other locations; I have never been to another; but this location always seems to have stuff that is expiring within a day or two. While I love a lot of their prepared foods that make my life so easy; I don't want to shop every other day! The veggies are not always as fresh as they could be either. I do however love their individual dessert servings. I feel much better about myself buying one piece of cake then the whole cake :) Price is a little high but I don't have to throw away the rest or eat it all by myself! If their stuff was a little fresher; I would shop here even more. I don't think the location is busy enough is the problem but I do like the concept. The people working are always very friendly and helpful and the store looks very clean. Love the coupons as well as the specialty items.
Cheap and delicious.  Need I say more?  This pizza is perfect for when you want a quick; inexpensive; delicious meal but don't buy extra...it's only great when you eat it fresh...reheating it makes it taste like cardboard. The toppings aren't fancy...the crust isn't fancy...it's just the perfect amount of crusty bread and toppings to make me happy.Large one topping pizza (you can even do half and half and it's still considered one topping)...I get mine ordered well done to be crispy....and its about $11.  Feeds two and you're full. The end
I cannot believe what terrible service we received at this location on December 22nd 2012. We checked into the hotel at 4:30am and was told we would get a late check out of 1pm. At 11:30 am a housekeeper rudely knocks on our door ( even though we have a do not disturb sign up) and says check out was at 11am. After I inform him that we had a 1pm check out he claims that we did not and the front desk doesn't communicate with house keeping for whatever reason. We call the front desk and the inform us that the lady that we were very rudely awakened and the housekeeper was rude. We paid over $70 to be awakened. We decide to just check out and go downstairs. Michelle; the front desk person at the time; informs us that she is sorry and there is nothing she can do because we paid cash. Not only that but then she very RUDELY tells me that  no one made us check in at 4:30am and it's not their fault we checked in so late after that we ask for the manager ( connies ) card and she tells us that she will make sure she calls us. Well; of course no call. So we follow up that Monday. Michelle informs us that Connie felt it wasn't worth her time to return our call. We tried calling again yesterday and left a message. And again Michelle calls us back informing us we are not allowed to speak with connie. I am so upset with the way we were treated. I would never; ever recommend this hotel ever again.
9/16/12.They have big wave on 11.30am and other hours too! I like it since its cleaner than the ocean so you don't have too worry about the sands!The foods just so so. You can buy pizza; hot dogs; ice cream; Smoothies; nachos; burgers; subs; etc. I prefer bring my own cooler & foods.  But please call them first to make sure you can have it.Awesome place!  Medium locker $7 and large locker is $10.
I used to love Olive Garden but its become so blah. This is the new location and its nice but nothing special; these days they are all basic carbon copies of each other. When we first came in the hostess told us there was a wait... Odd because there was hardly anyone there... So we sat there for 15 minutes before she even sat us. We finally get seated and our waiter is basically a frat boy stoner who just nods and says yeah man. Service wasn't friendly but he didn't screw up our order and the food came out in a timely manner. Not thrilled with this place; probably won't come here again. If you're into the chain restaurant thing it's perfectly fine but I guess I'm just bored with the generic food and below par service.
Our family had a fantastic time last week at the Children's Museum of Phoenix.  It was our second visit to the museum in as many years; and it confirmed my prior opinion that this is one of the best children's museums anywhere.  The challenge with this museum is that it gets very crowded and some of the interactive exhibits are optimized for the kids' enrichment and enjoyment rather than to facilitate the parents' supervision; which adds to the challenge of keeping a watchful eye on your little ones.  One the first level is the Climber; where the kiddos walk; climb; crawl and explore several levels up in a complicated structure.  Museum staffers are well positioned to listen and watch for children who are upset or scared; but I had a difficult time tracking my kids' progress.  There are three places where the kids can exit; so a couple times my daughter left the structure and despite trying to track her I didn't know where she was.  Same with the Noodle Forest on the 3rd level - the kids enter the noodles and you can either try to follow or just cover the 60' +/- exit to make sure they don't get past.Our kids loved everything - The Climber; Whoosh (the scarves zipping around the vacuum tubes); the floating ping pong balls with the PVC pipes next to Whoosh on the first floor; the car wash/pedal power on the 2nd floor; the Market and of course the Noodle Forest on the 3rd Floor.  Everything was great fun.The physical plant also enhances the experience at the museum.  It is a great reuse of an historic school building.  I am a big believer that great spaces make an impression and a difference.  The building makes the museum even better.Great experience.  Highly recommend.
Oasis Bagels provides amazing; good-quality food along with exceptional customer service. The sandwiches; drinks; and pastries are all very well prepared; and the staff is very friendly and helpful. Must-eat for anyone in the Estrella Mtn. Ranch neighborhood in Goodyear; AZ!
You'll be lucky to get a reservation in 3 months.  Living in the hot city of Tacoma; we lack fine dining especially French.  I would have to go to Seattle for quality Parisian food.  So when reading the comments on Yelp on French dining; it made me shudder.  I decided to try Voila even though it has been open for just a month figuring there would be growing pains.  We arrived at five and decided to sit at the bar and became engaged in a conversation with some of the locals... The staff was extremely friendly and the menu was excellent.  Out comes George the owner/chef who will engage you in the political discourse of the day.  George grew up in Nice; France then migrated to Israel where he was a paratrooper in the Israel Defense Force and fought in the Six Day War in 1967.  With a desire to cook; he trained at the Cordone Bleu; opened several restaurants and Voila...here we are.I had the Foie Gras which was very good.... next I had the onion soup.  The wine was very good too; not being an aficionado.  But I was waiting for the special of the day... Rack of Lamb which was superb (tyr it medium rare).... The mashed potatoes with extra garlic was out of this galaxy.  I was too stuffed for desert...All in all the food was excellent; the service extremely good; and he value for what you get was A plus.  When we left at 8 P M the place was jamming.... In terms of restaurants in Scottsdale; this is a great place to go and I will be back and back....
I was tired of hearing the buzz around infamous Beverly Hills' Sprinkles Cupcakes. My wife and I decided to fight the lines and swing by after a day out. The interior is posh as you can expect and the staff was extremely friendly; offering their advice on which cakes to pick and how to best store them at home (counter top not fridge; go figure). So yes; these buggers are expensive. We paid nearly $20 for a half dozen! They're a good size though; lots of sugar for your addiction. The selection was excellent- they had the classics like vanilla; red velvet; and double chocolate. They had seasonals as well like peppermint cupcakes. We tried the red velvet; peppermint; dark chocolate; and white with different frosting. The cakes were moist; fresh and out of this world. The frosting was a bit too much for me- very thick and sugary. Maybe I'm used to the more fluffy frosting (airy?) but Sprinkles still gave high quality taste!
It's the subway of Mexican food!  Only better!  Can't go wrong with this chain.  Fajita Burritos are massive!  Taste is great; too.  Definitely Americanized Mexican food tho.  If you know that going in... You'll love it.
Not really impressed. Its essentially the same as the 1970s-esque Memphis airport. Its designed goofy; smells like old shoes; but redeems itself with some unique decor.
We tried a variety of tacos here (3 for $10). Tacos were all unique and tasty; but the Suadero Azteca (queen's special) was the standout. It was incredibly flavorful and tender and was topped with really yummy veggies. Definitely get your own of this if you are sharing. The fried fish and fried shrimp ones were tasty too. This is a great place to try inventive tacos; but can get a little pricey. I think you need to ask for chips and salsa here; as they didn't bring us any without us asking; but once brought; it was tasty :)
Awesome! I love the Pepper Steak and crab puffs!
..stopped in here on a whim to get the boyfriend a haircut n shave. they did a great job. and for me sitting and waiting was great...each station has a tv with sportscenter on it. however; we didn't have an issue until one of the barbers comes out from his break. he sat in his stations chair; texting and and then started talking shit to one of the other barbers. it was completely unprofessional and made me extremely uncomfortable and I wasn't even getting the one getting my hair did! what's worse is this kid instigated it with the African American employee and then when I glared at him long enough hoping he'd shut up..it appeared he got my message and then he tried to calm things down. Maybe he figured out I was writing this review about him. I hope he's fired..the one who started the shit talking. He clearly has no respect for customers; his fellow coworkers or this barbershop.
My dad was in assisted living for a temporary stay and I needed a rail installed in the shower quickly.  Stan and I set the entire thing up by texting (which I loved).  He came out the next day and was puntual; professional and efficient.  He charges a reasonable rate as well... would definately call him (or text) again.
Clean interior; Friendly Staff.I ordered a breakfast sandwich and that brught with it a side of home fries.  It was all decent. I did expect more from both; the Denver Sandwich I expected to be more like a fried egg; sauteed veggies and melted cheese holding it all together; but it was all the ingredients cooked into an omlete patty.  The homefries seemed lacking creativity as well.  It may just be me; but when I think of dinner I think it should be more original and have a better flavor than Denny's or IHoP.  None of it was bad; but I expected different.I must say the potatoe pancakes my friend ordered were very tasty. When you order a side of oatmeal; They serve you a healthy portion; which I think is a major plus.I may just have to experience their greek food and update my review.
This restaurant is really; really fun. Great atmosphere; fun crowd; really great food. The provolone fondue with pretzel balls is amazing.We were a large group of girls; and had a bit of a snotty server. We also had a pretty big issue with the timing of the food service. So why five stars? Because when the manager saw that we weren't pleased; he went way; way above and beyond to make sure we were happy. Our night went from questionable service; to seriously one of greatest in a matter of minutes; all because the manager cared to make the difference.Its things like that; that makes one restaurant stand out from another. I will go back again and again. Love the place; so impressed.
I was really excited to try this place but I just wasn't a fan.  First of all the bathroom had no soap for me to wash my hands.  The owner seemed really frazzled that he had just stocked the soap in there and maybe someone stole it.  He was helpful in getting some but it was still annoying.Then the dish I ordered was not good at all.... Hot Pot.  I'm sure it was an issue of personal tastes vs. quality but the whole vegetarian fake fish grossed me out.The prices are a bit high and I just won't be going back.Oh; I also tried the lemonade (expensive and I couldn't see or taste any mint in it.)
Terrible service. Terrible food. Too warm and dirty. Yuck! Not much more to say.
This is a good place to stop going to or coming from Vegas.  Same consistent JITB food and the counter help is always pleasant.
I like this place; we go a lot with co-workers just to change up our normal lunch routine a bit. While they have lots a good combinations of burgers for some reason the bread they serve it on completely turns off the whole burger experience for me. A softer bun would be great. However; what I LOVE coming to this place for is their sweet potato fries!!! Omg! The best I have ever had!! And the aioli they come with is divine as well! While we go a lot for lunch; I have been once for dinner! Same food but the atmosphere completely changes! Very romantic; good music and the O SPOT drink is FANTASTIC! Watch out they are strong but taste like you are biting into a fresh orange! All in all a good three star restaurant in Phoenix. We will continue to go back. :-)
I should know better than to go against the yelp family when it comes to trying some of these places. Seriously this place was like a trip to the doctor and you find out you need to get your colon checked. Not fun but necessary according to some people. I do not eat out very much anymore but can not say no to a cheese steak sandwich. Something about that thin sliced meat; onions; and melted cheese makes me feel like all is right in the world. But with my first bite of over cooked; cold; and tasteless meat I was kicked in the meatballs and brought back to reality.It amazes me that a place that seems to focus on one thing does such a bad job at it! It is like McDonald's and their crappy burgers; or taco bell and their mystery meat/refried bean concoctions. Why can't these places stop with all the dorky names and just work on making their food taste better? Corleone needs to start by adding seasoning to their meat while removing some of the grease (what you can see through the bag? Forget about it!!) Listen I do not mind a little grease but if your bag starts to dissolve due to the amount of fat dripping out of the sandwich then we have a problem. Also for the price ($14) I could have purchased a rib eye steak; sub rolls; an onion; steak fries; slice cheese; and a 2 liter of soda and made enough food for 4 people! A sandwich with fries and onion ring (ok to be fair there were about 4 in the bag) for $14 was not worth the effort to get it; or money spent to eat it. Pass this place on by unless you like being made an example of; the example of a sucker that is!Btw saying a place uses Cheese Whiz means nothing as the stuff sucks and you can buy it at the supermarket.
2 and a half years later and I am still having gum bleeding when I floss between two teeth that I had the fillings replaced from here.  My current dentist said last time I saw him that my xrays look okay but quite sure it will be needing replacing/treatment in the near future.  The fillings right afterwards had been so tight that I couldn't floss between them!  Should've seen that as an omen!
I had takeout from here before the owners changed and it was pretty decent.  Since the ownership changed I have been twice.  The first time it was pretty busy and the pizza was ok but nothing special. Most of it hangs out precooked Sabarro style waiting to be reheated. On the second visit the restaurant was pretty dead and the manager completely ignored me while sitting on a little chair behind the counter.  With 4 people back in the kitchen that is pretty weird.  When I got tired of being ignored. I just went next door to get some food. They don't even get points for quick pizza even though it is all precooked and hanging out in the window and they just reheat it.
Some of the best Mexican food in the valley! The ribs; el pastor gorditas and chicken chimichangas are some of my favorites. The prices are also very affordable!
I must have been sheltered as a child; because I never knew how huge the turnouts for Christmas Day movies was! I mean; naturally; the mall itself is closed; but the parking lot for the movie theater was absolutely packed!Naturally; I figured that it would take forever for us to make it through the ticket booth; the concession stand; and into the theater. Lucky for us; Harkins has their stuff together!Even though there were throngs of people waiting to buy tickets; we managed to walk right up and purchase our tickets...at the completely empty kiosk located outside! Sure; that might be cheating a little bit; but even while we were at the kiosk to purchase our $6.50 matinee tickets; I could see that the box office was fully staffed; and handling the other moviegoers with extreme precision. The only true waiting that took place was when people were uncertain as to which movie they wanted to see; and at which time. The Harkins staff were top notch.Once we were inside; the ticket taker was very chipper...especially for someone who was working on Christmas day. He ushered us towards the concession stand where; once again; in spite of the multitude of people waiting for refreshments; we were in and out with incredible ease.This theater has; as you can tell by the name; 20 screens...so; there's almost no excuse for any patron to miss a movie. Chances are; if the movie is new; that it will be playing again within an hour or so in one of their many other screening rooms.Our particular movie; although a new release; was playing on one of the smaller screens. Naturally; our theater was a little bit smaller. Having said that; the stadium seating afforded us the option to sit pretty much anywhere; and have a great view of the screen. Even though the theater was smaller; they certainly didn't skimp on the Dolby Digital surround.Overall; the theater was clean and well maintained. Should we happen to be in the Chandler area again for a movie; rest assured; we'll be hitting this theater up!
Peter Piper Pizza is about what you would expect for a place like this and definitely more geared towards kids. The pizza is nothing special and when I have gone I have encountered outrageous lines. It's not a place I would go to for the food; but basically only to entertain somebody who likes playing simple arcade games.
I LOVE how m any TV's they have here; especially the small TV at each booth. I have onlyhad drinks and an app here; but I bet it would be a good place to watch a game(s). They have a pretty good selection of beer. The only food I have tried were the fried pickles; but they were really good. Twin Peaks also has a lot of room inside and outdoor seating.
Love their gyro pita w/fries. Friendly; quick service; good food. The only gripe I have -- they don't offer a hummus AND tubuli plate. Its 1 order of hummus for 5.00 & 1 order of tubuli for 5.00
I love Olive Garden in particular this one . I was here not too long ago. Out waitress was Jessica . She was amazing and very friendly ad helpful . I order steak Alfredo and it was delicious . I can't wait to go back !!!!
Oh fellow yelpers; is there anything more wonderful than an unexpected food find; a bit of culinary serendipity to brighten one's day? Such was my experience when coming across this delightful eatery in none other than the Phoenix Airport Dining area; next to Sauce; another solid eatery. I was catching a morning flight to California for the holidays and realized that Chelsea's kitchen had been put in since my last visit. I was charmed by the lights above the bar made from antique spritzer bottles and felt a little like I had stepped into an establishment in that greatest of American cities; New York. As it was a bit early for me for lunch I ordered the oatmeal; which as far as oatmeal goes was excellent but I also ordered a cup of coffee and most glorious of surprises; they bring you a mug and a good sized french press; which you let sit for a few minutes and of course....you guessed it; press. The coffee was amazing. I asked the bartender what he thought and he agreed that it was exceptional. Best of all; between the oatmeal and the coffee the whole bill was only $8.20 and with tip; $10.50; that is a heck of good deal at the airport; not only on price; but on the exceptional quality. After reading the other reviews I'll be going back to the airport for something other than a flight and you guessed it; to eat at Chelsea's kitchen. Note; I loved the place but I want to try a meal or two before I consider the coveted five star rank but from my initial experience; a solid 4 with 5 start possibilities.:-)
We exclusively shop here for our alcohol needs because we always find what we want and about 10 other things. There's no way I could possibly estimate how many items they have so racks and walls of wine; racks and walls of liquor; and racks and walls of beer will have to do. They also have hundreds of kegs readily available and well priced. They have large buckets; ice and taps to accompany their various keg sizes.There is a small cigar room; where you won't find as wide of a selection of cigars as you do alcohol but it's a nice one stop shop option to have.
This was a great find when I came out for a Cardinals game from Las Vegas.  We stumbled upon here the first week they were open with friends that live in the area.  It is a cute place; designed for the local market with great food and service.  The Pizza; Chicken Parm and of course the sauce ... are awesome.   I cant wait to stop in again the next time I am in AZ.
Came in for lunch here yesterday.  I ordered the House Special chicken.  The egg drop soup was gross ( I am not a fan of that stuff anyway though; everyone else there was eating theirs and seemed to like it); but they give you the little wonton strips with it and some sweet and sour sauce for dipping so that was a plus.  The House Special chicken was dark meat that is breaded and then sliced and served with the thin soy/garlic sauce.  Even though it was breaded then sliced (not my preference); I found myself really enjoying the chicken.  The egg roll was ok; nothing to write home about.  The fried rice was kind of a joke - no veggies in it; just some sad-looking egg.  The House Special was good enough to make me come back for it though.
This is one of the closest Starbucks to my house; so if I'm sitting at home and have a sudden craving for an iced tea; hot chocolate; or apple cider; this will be my first choice.  Drive-through can get clogged up pretty quick in the morning; but avoiding peak hours helps keep it smooth.  They do tend to run out of their baked goods rather quickly; though I don't normally indulge in them; so not really an issue for me.  I will note that about 1/6 times I visit this location; they get my order wrong (I ask for soy milk in hot drinks and no sweetener in tea); which is fine; because getting a free drink 1/6 of the time makes me feel better about frequenting a corporate chain.Note:  Parking can get cramped; especially with the drive-through exiting through the middle of the lot.
I have to agree with the people who gave this shop POOR reviews.  I too have lived in Ahwatukee for 15+ years and have gone to this shop many times in the past.  It seems they are getting worse and worse.  I will never go back and I would encourage you to do the same.  Although I have spent thousands of dollars at this shop on bikes and service; my recent experiences were TERRIBLE; both with the hip-hop; gangster looking kid up front Dennis and the owner who didn't want to undermine the incorrect information; bad attitude and poor customer service his novice front-man had been providing.  I purchased a Specialized FSR from this shop over the years along with many other parts; accessories and services for all of my family's bikes (all Specialized). I had not gone back in a while because the service had been getting worse.  But I figured it's 2013 and I'd give them another shot and try to support them.Yesterday I called to get prices on some basic work - replace a wheel; replace a couple tubes; etc.  Dennis asked me some questions and quoted me prices - very straight forward.  I loaded up my gear; my kids and headed to the shop.  Dennis (wearing his gangster hat; earrings and a bad attitude) looked and said I quoted you the wrong parts;....he said it's going to be about $70 additional on top of what was only going to be about $70 anyway.  I proposed that since they quoted me the wrong prices over the phone and I just hauled all my gear and my kids over there; that we split the difference or make some kind of proposal to make it right.  I said I understand sometimes things get quoted wrong; but let's do the right thing; come to an arrangement we are both happy with and everything will be good.  I made a couple proposals and to each he said no; he will only charge me full price of all the misquoted items.  Some guy; apparently the owner; who never introduced himself to me or said he'd like to help; rather; he said he didn't want to undermine Dennis; started barking at me; saying what; you never make a mistake? - you want me to do the work for free? - are we not allowed to make a mistake?  you can take your business elsewhere.  I said; really; you want to lose a long-term; loyal customer who has spent thousands of dollars in your shop because you quoted the wrong price and now you don't even want to try to come to an arrangement that will work for both of us?  I realize you don't want to lose money; who would;...but I'm sure we can come to some arrangement since you quoted me the wrong prices after I gave you all the information you asked for. He was not interested; kept his negative; poor service attitude and went back into the shop to work on a bike part.  I was shocked.  My little boys were shocked!  As we drove toward Curbside Cyclery and Javelina Cycles (trustworthy shops) to get the work done; my boys both said they could not believe how unreasonable they were at South Mountain Cycles and how impressed they were with me for talking nicely and trying to get it worked out into a win/win solution when the guys at SMC were such jerks.  Pretty insightful for 13 and 11 year old boys (who also will never take their business to SMC as they grow up).***** I would recommend you AVOID SMC BIKE SHOP *****  The owner and his staff CLEARLY don't care about customer service; quality workmanship or doing the right thing (and reading the other reviews; I'm not the only one who has had the same experience - sure; you can buy a bike from them; they'll be happy to take your money for a sale;....but don't expect to be treated well regarding service or parts from there after).  I'd guess the positive reviews are written by their friends or employees.  There are several other shops here in Ahwatukee that are honest and quality.  Let's show SMC that we won't accept being treated poorly.  Let's take our business elsewhere and support shops that support our community and treat us with the respect we have shown them all these years that is obviously not reciprocated.  Check out all the negative Google reviews on this place.
Love this restaurant; beautiful setting with quality food and reasonable pricing. The soup trio app is fantastic; as are the lobster shrimp rolls! This place deserves more praise and recognition than it gets!!
My review is entirely based upon the breakfast burros.  I haven't tried anything else here yet; but the word on the street is just stick to the breakfast burritos and go to Los Taquitos down the street for your other meals.Meal:  I always try a new breakfast item when I am here but I think I have cycled through all of them already.  Don't judge me too harshly; this place is right on my way to work!Taste:  I believe it is a well known scientific principal that no breakfast taco can taste bad.  But that isn't to say that all breakfast burritos are created equally!  The OBC's burros are magnificent creations that make all things in the world right.  10 out of 10.Value:  The burritos are slightly bigger than what your would expect for the price.  Any bigger; they would be impossible to consume without a knife and fork.  And honestly; who eats burritos with knives and forks?  5 out of 5.Service/Cleanliness:  Maybe I don't put a big enough smile on my face when I walk in but the person who takes my orders always seems to be in a rotten mood.  Sometimes it takes a long time to get my burro and I have lost tracked on how many times people who put their order after me and got theirs before mine came out.  If it happens one or twice; I understand; but almost all the time?  Come on; man!  6 out of 10.Atmosphere:  Nothing special; that's for sure.  There is really no way to comment on their atmosphere when there really is no atmosphere.  1 out of 5.Overall:  If you stick to the breakfast burritos; you will be safe.  Going outside of the safe will only lead to a broken heart.  22 out of 30 points; 4 out of 5 stars.
Best toy store I have been to in phoenix. They wrap for free; they are very helpful at trying to help you pick the best gifts for the age you are looking for. They know their toys. They have a lot of speciality toys and educational toy. Fun place.
jewish sliders and all the breakfast are great
One person in front of me in the security line!! Love it!!
A charcoal grilled burger and a pitcher of beer? Yes; please. The buns are just supermarket buns and the fries and onion rings are previously frozen; but I like this place a lot for lunch.
Kale salad
2 stars just because the guys who staff this place are really nice and professional. cool staff; but...MINUS-3 stars (for the 2-star total rating) because the WASH itself...a) you have to drive your car through the washing machine yourself; which means you have to align your tires onto the track to hook up to the washer. sounds simple; right? well; maybe if you do it 20 times a day. but when you do it a couple times a year; it's frustrating and it also holds up the line and the baffled airport tarmac-like guide is waving his arms frantically left then right then left then right and it adds up to a frustrating experience.Again; cool staff - bad set-up.i love my car and i wouldn't normally consider bringing it to a $5 Wash type place; but i walk and drive by this business all the time and i often see luxury cars going in and out. just like if you see a perpetually crowded restaurant you can deduce that the food is probably pretty good.... if you see a bunch of Lexi and Mercedeseses etc at a wash often; it's probably quality.Not so here: other problems...b) The brushes within the washer are too harsh (they didn't clean my only semi-dirty car totally; leaving streaks of dirt); the c) INTENSE blow dryers will damn near rip your wipers off the windshield AND it didn't even adequately blow all the water off my sedan-sized 4-door car - hard water stains. boo.d) I paid extra ($13 total before tip) to get the outside + inside service (that $5 Wash MONDO-sized sign blaring onto 16th St is more than misleading; btw) and e) the inside clean job wasn't great. floor mats weren't immaculate and the ext polish was just OK.****ALSO - this is a HUGE let-down for me... when the post-wash wipers/dryer guys DON'T properly dry the water around your windows. So 20 mins after you leave the wash and you roll down your window to talk to someone; and when you roll it back up - WATER STREAKS/then WATER STAINS up and down your precious window. that ALONE will make me never go back to a place/this place.*******Overall; again; super friendly staff; which is nice... but the wash itself was only poor-to-so-so. If you need a quick been-driving-through-mud wash down on the ext of your car so you look presentable when pulling up to that big meeting; maybe the quickie $10 go-through-the-washer job at this place is worth it.But if you have time to go somewhere else and want a meticulous job on your vehicle; this place isn't it. I've been looking all over Phx for a great wash; and so far the only place that comes close is the wash near Scottsdale Rd and Shea - their personnel is hit-and-miss: sometimes good and sometimes just OK/kinda shady; but their WASH is always top notch. that's the only place i could solidly recommend so far.But the Quick N Clean on 16th St? D+
Our Yorkachee; has been on the wellness program for her first year. It has been a great program! First year of shots; was taken care of. She was fixed here; they were very good to her; and to us! They have called us to let us know if something is coming up or due! Can not complain here; done exactly what I have expected!
On one hand; it was ambitious to be open on Christmas Day for dinner. On the other hand; they were simply understaffed and overwhelmed. Lots of customers (no one really wants to cook on Christmas); just a gorgeous looking restaurant. Good bar service; fast and attentive. But our poor waiter.....taking an order from a large table with difficult people (my relatives.....I'm sorry; God)....and having some manager type talking in his ear every 45 seconds. Oh dear. All of the food came out cold; overly sweet; just not very good.
Love this place!!! I moved here from Chicago in '08 and have been missing it ever since.  Love the wreck sandwhich and the dream bar...it is dreamy!!!  I do wish you would get the macaronni salad here and the big sandwhiches; but other than that the menu is fine by me!I do have to agree that of the 15+ times I have visited this location my order is mixed up at least half the time and they have to make me another sandwhich.  I've tried to cut some slack because they are new; but it would be nice to get a drink on the house just to show that they value my time and are trying to improve on their accuracy.  I'm still a fan & would reccommend checking them out!
Sorry it has taken me so long to get to this review. But; here it is and worth the wait.My Boyfriend and I both came here to Valley EyeCare Center for our Eye exams.It was fully a great experience. When I called they were good enough to make our appts. right next to each other so we could come at the same time.The girls working there were all very friendly and answered all questions we had. The office is very modern with all the nice equipment. Plus; it was spotlessly clean in the offices as well. Our Dr. was Dr. Lindsey Clyde. She was awesome; so nice and very friendly. You felt like she was one of your friends. She explained everything about our eye exam and the results while we were there.We will come back here and we fully recommend this Eye exam to all our friends.We were lucky to find this office and they took my insurance as well.
Came here for a post-lunch/pre-dinner after a shopping spree at the mall. The only disappointing thing about this restaurant is that it is attached to the mall. It is such a gorgeous restaurant and decorated so nicely!We sat on the patio and had the most kind/funny/sweet server. He was so on-top of it; it was shocking! He deserved the big tip we left him :)We ordered oysters ($2.50 each); we split the Chopped Salad (Avocado; Crisp Vegetables; Parmesan;Champagne Vinaigrette $11) - he put it in 2 seperate bowls and the portion was huge! We got the Cheesy broccoli with aged vermont cheddar; serves 2 for $9; soooo good. And my bf got the Lobster Chowder New England Style; Root Vegetables; Bacon $11; he said it was delicous!We actually saw a lot of people order the kobe foot long hot dog and my bf wants to try that next time! I also appreciated how the servers would tell you which bread had meat (bacon i think?) in it even thought I don't think I told them I was a vegetarian! The other bread was super tastey...just a great place! The atmosphere was gorgeous too! Def return!
I run a small business selling merchandise eBay.  I'm in this place nearly every other day.  It's not the closest shipping site to me but it's the best.  The owners of the ups store also work there.  Can't beat their customer service!!!
The place was fantastic. Try the potato spring roll appetizers! The food and dessert was top of the line.
I can't say enough good things about this place.  I've been here a bunch of times with my kids; girlfriends and I've even hosted a corporate event here.  This place is awesome.  It's so much fun to make all these great gifts.  We've done soap; candles; fused glass and cake decorating.  Next time we're trying the pottery painting.  The staff are SUPER helpful; the ambiance is totally fun and the variety of activities can't be beat.  The owner; Michelle; is incredibly nice and accommodating and her event coordinator; Cassandra; is also really lovely to deal with.  This is a great afternoon with your friends; family or work buddies.  It's also an awesome idea for gift giving since you MAKE everything there!  I LOVE this place.
Great service. Good food. Had the italian club which was picked out by our server...excellent choice!
Good Chinese food.  I think Chinese food can be hard to find; and I am very happy I found Golden Gate.  They also have a great lunch special-you get so much food for a great price!  We will continue to come back.
This airport is easy to navigate however their gate system for us air SUCKS!!!!!!!!!!  I came in at the end of the concourse at a rotunda at gate B12. I only had to go a few gates over; to gate B17 I was like kewl I won't have to walk far.  NOPE!!!!  I had to walk all the way back up the concourse to gate B1; and take the HUGE walkway to the other concourse where the rest of the B gates are. WHAT A BAD DESIGN
A colleague recommended Distrito as a good spot for my husband and I to have dinner while in town for business. We were excited to try it as I love to eat; and it had a reputation as being a bit trendy.When we walked in I was super excited to see the decor; a gumball wall; glitter top tables and other fun touches. It's really a sight to behold. We chose to sit outside; since it was a beautiful night.Upon our servers recommendation we ordered a couple drinks; and some guacamole. Then we ordered the tuna ceviche; a few tacos; the corn crema and a few other things. The taste of the tuna ceviche was quite good; as was the corn. The rest of the food was frankly underwhelming. The worst part of the night was the service. Our server efficiently took our orders; however; a runner delivered our food. We never saw anyone again; not to check on our food; and we could never find anyone to ask for our check. Finally we asked another server for our check. Our server apologized profusely and admitted that he had forgotten about us. We accepted his apology; and it does happen; but they were not busy at all. We were very disappointed in our experience.
They guarantee have the best croissant in the valley!
This place is gorgeous! We were here last night for a party and have to say that this club is incredible; the views were breathtaking and the staff is top notch. Everyone was incredibly helpful and friendly. Looking forward to playing a round on that beautiful course sometime. Also love that they prohibit people from being on their annoying cell phones. More places should adopt that rule. I'm a fan!
This review is based on the $45 /night rate I got on Hotwire.I stayed here for four nights when getting together with family at my sister's house for  Christmas.  The hotel has clearly seen its better days.  The building is dated; the rooms have tube TV's; and the wi-fi is VERY slow.However; it was a great value for the price.  The rooms were decently spacious; and had Sleepnumber beds.  Overall; the property was very clean.  The hot tub outside was great for relaxing.  It's a short drive from the airport; which was also a big plus.  Finally; the staff was courteous and helpful; even though they were working over the holidays.If you're looking for a top hotel; this is not it.  However; if you're looking for a value; I would highly recommend this place.
I love spam and eggs. Biscuits serves them and gives vets a 10% discount. Good enough for me.
Awesome lunch specials! Many choices with rice; $3.98! If you want REAL; AUTHENTIC Chinese food with ample portions and low prices; look no further!
This is a nice place to live. If your into tennis there is a tennis court here along with pools;spa; workout room; business center; luandry rooms and more. New paint job on the buildings and over all clean.
For those who don't know; Trader Joe's is a sort of up-scale market.  Their selection is less than one of the big groceries like Fry's; but what they do have tends to be organic; and often rather unique.  Their produce is generally 'clean'; as are their meats and dairy.  They carry uncured bacon; not-from-concentrate juices; natural grain breads; and some gourmet frozen foods too.  Among other things.The staff is friendly and helpful; too.Of course you pay for this level of quality.  But given that this is stuff you're putting into your body; I think it's worth it.  If it were more convenient to my house I'd come here more.  Good stuff.
Great happy hour specials...especially the Weekend Hangover burgers every Saturday and Sunday from 11am-4pm.  Perfect place to cheer on my favorite Wisco teams with friends!
great experience a must try!
No; they are not the best at anything... BUT; they are good to great at everything.  Their boba drinks have well cooked boba and a good texture (this is huge if you are a fan); their green curry is up there with my favorite.  I'd take the green curry over the pumpkin curry any day as I thought the pumpkin curry was decent but not at the same level.  Their pad Thai has a vinegary note to it; not necessarily bad but not the taste I look for in my pad Thai.  Overall they are very friendly and the cost is very reasonable so if you like Thai food you can't miss here.
Buy one get one free for double wheat grass shots on an empty stomach with no chaser.  That is what will make me live forever.  So when I am in the area and I have my BOGO free card; I stop by for a shot of mowed lawn juice (thats how it tastes and smells).  Without the BOGO card; Jamba is too expensive and I am thinking about getting my own wheat grass juicer.
We were seated promptly; but waited 10 to 15 minutes before flagging down someone and asked her if she could send our wait person over. It turned out she ended up taking our table. She was ok-not super fast or overly friendly but efficient enough. The food was average- compared to some of the other PF Changs I've been to.  The  vegetables were tough and the overall quality was just not there. I'll go back to PF Changs; but not this one. It took forever to pay too-very annoying.
I love the place and the set up.  I also like the beers.  The only reason I give this 3 star rating is because the food isn't that great. The first time I ate here was the best but then after that the quality just went down after that. I did try a couple of the entrees but never was satisfied with the meals.
I went shopping at Staples today for my store business supplies. I was appalled by the service I received from the associates in the front including the manager; Katie. I had made purchases and awaited assistance from the manager in regards to a defected item. While I waited an associate approached me. I told her I was awaiting a managers assistance. I then told her the item I wanted to purchase was defected. Instead of checking another store for the item. She told me 10% off. Then I told her I would wait for the manager. She SLAMMED the item on the counter and said the manager will tell me the same. At this point I could not believe the hostility towards a customer. I waited for the manager; Katie. I told Katie about my experience with the associate. Katie then told me okay; without apologizing for the experience I just encountered. I then proceeded to locate a corporate number. Katie then approached me with the stores number. I cannot tolerate this service. The employees here definitely do not want to be there. They should have the proper training. I could not believe that the manager's actions were just like the associate. Extremely rude. I refuse to shop at this Staples for my business supplies. I may get better service at a competitors store. I really just want upper management to know the things that are occurring in this location. Katie the manager - Very unprofessional; unpolished; appeared that she hasn't showered in a few days.
I go to a lot of sports bars since I am a big for of both adult beverages and sporting events. I went here with a group of friends to watch some football and enjoy some food and drinks. We were on the patio; where they had several big screen TVs with the games. The service; drinks and food were all great; but the thing that put this place over the edge was the atmosphere. Everyone there was having a great time and seemed like a genuine sports fan. I wish I lived closer so I could visit this place more often.
Decided to give it a 2nd chance after a terrible grand opening with long wait times for food and then not getting some of the food we ordered.Well; 2nd time is even worse than the first!  Over an hour to get food after ordering and when the food came the wings were less then Native quality.  Beyond small; barely warm; and rubbery like they had been sitting.  Never saw a manager once or I would have let him/her know without sugar coating it this time how I just wasted $50.xx and listened to my kids gripe about being hungry for over an hour until the food came out.There are much better options for wings where the service and food quality is not this poor.- 1 Star just because at least my iced tea was decent!
I learned of this restaurant from restaurant.com and tried this restaurant for the first time for a romantic dinner.  Although restaurant.com is a great opportunity for a restaurant to obtain new customers by showcasing its food; service and ambience; this restaurnat feel far short and I will not be returning.  The dining room was closed due to a private party; but I was not told that when I made the reservation one hour prior.  Therefore; we were seated in the bar.  Very romantic---not!  It had no atmosphere and was very cold; therefore; we had to wear our jackets during dinner.  Waiter was not accommodating; not attentive and charged us an automatic 20% tip; despite the fact that restaurant.com coupon did not require that.
Lived at Willow Creek for 4 years. Staff have been very friendly. I have not had a single bug. Maintenance is very prompt. Only problem  I've experienced is that the a/c unit is loud.
Love the self serve.   Brownie bites are a great topping
I love this place. Its great to bring out of towner's or the family for a reasonably priced meal that you usually have left-overs of the next day. The fresh bread is awesome. My  family still raves about the broccoli dish ( not a veggie fan so I'll take their word). All of the pasta dishes are amazing and the spumoni is a great way to end.The atmosphere has been covered by many; but let me just say it really does make the place worth the trip and the service is always attentive.There's a reason we usually have to wait to get in (because they are doing something right); and its always worth it.
My boyfriend and I decided to try out Cowboy Ciao for New Years Eve.....could have probably picked a better time.  It was not jam packed however; the seating arrangements SUCKED.  They had tables set up to pack as many people in like sardines as they needed and any that were a party of two were screwed.  The two tops were along the window side (where it was very cold) and backed into corners with larger tables either in front or behind them.  Us and another couple were lucky enough to be stuck into such corners.  My legs were freezing the entire time and the loud table behind us were so close I could smell their food.  Not so much.  I don't know if seating is always like this; but I sure hope not!As far as food goes it was set up in flights for the holiday's.  The food was pretty decent; not the best I've had but not the worst.  No real complaints on the taste or how things were cooked.  The only negative I have is that we were there for almost 4 hours so instead of a meal; it was more like an event.  Normally I'm not in a rush to eat and run; but that is a little too long for my personal taste.  Our waiter was friendly so that was a plus.  The interior decor was outdated and just overall well; ugly.  I did like the chandeliers though. :)  Overall; it wasn't a terrible experience but I would not go back and would not recommend it to others.
New location! So i ordered the soup and salad as always; asked for the fresh ground pepper.. hold on.. ok yeah still waiting. Asked the nearest staff member for it again.. waiting..  manager comes back and said they weren't sure what 'cracked paper' was .. So I picked up the pepper shaker and ten was brought the pepper. Everything was fine after that; oh and it doesn't smell like mold as the old building did.
This place is the best. Being italian from NY; it is hard to find good Italian food. I am very pick! The fried calamari is not rubbery! Their bread is awesome! If you don't like Olive Garden; try this place!!!
Went to Dr. Ray after a root canal nightmare with severe pain. They got me in as soon as I called. The x-rays looked okay; but he referred me to an endodontist to get to the real root of the problem. He didnt try to fix it himself and cost me more pain and money. He also spent a lot of time with me and was sympathetic. For the exam and x-rays it was $30 which you can't find anywhere. I will definitely be going back when I need other dentistry work.
It's OK but certainly not great.  We stopped by on a Saturday night around 8.  It was busy and we sat at the sushi bar.  We ordered a couple of rolls and a half dozen nigiri sushi and everything was alright but nothing beyond that.The atmosphere is old-school neighborhood Japanese like you used to find in LA's Japanese neighborhoods 20 years ago.  Unpretentious and slightly divey.  Service was friendly and efficient from the waitresses.  The sushi chef never made eye contact or spoke to us even though we were sitting right in front of his workspace for 45 minutes.Our platter had perhaps 3 pieces of ginger so I asked the sushi chef for more ginger.  I got maybe another tablespoon of ginger - without a word.  Annoying. The sushi was decently made but nothing terribly special.  The rice was a bit loose/wet; the fish quality was very average; with the exception of the hamachi; which was quite good. The fish portions were also a bit small. When we were there;  they were out of uni. I would stop by if I was in the neighborhood and in the mood for sushi but I wouldn't drive across town for it.  Our bill was $60.00 for two with tip for a moderate amount of sushi; a sake and a beer.As several other Yelpers have observed; the plethora of 5 star reviews for this joint are baffling to me.  My response would have to be huh?  I've been eating sushi for 30 years; been to Japan many times and I know what great sushi is and this isn't even close.  The sushi chef seemed to be mainly making the very non-Japanese rolls (cream cheese; etc.) that are so popular throughout the Valley.If this is the best sushi in the Valley then people in the valley have set the bar a bit too low or else they've never had really good sushi.
Pretty reasonable and awesome Mexican food. It was so good I spoke Spanish after wards.
Fresh and healthy?  That's what I felt eating dinner here.  Not my normal stop; I usually go for fattening and strong flavors :) Great place to have some pasta; pizza; and wings.I tried two appetizers to get the ball rolling.  The wings were delicious.  They are baked instead of fried and the maple BBQ had a great flavor.  I think the dipping sauce was ranch; but it was light.  With the wings dipped it took away the maple BBQ flavor.  Thus I figured I would rather have the BBQ flavor than the light ranch.  I ended up not using any ranch for my wings.  I can say if you like non fried wings this is your place.  Plenty of flavors to choose from and I could go here for drinks and wings.I also tried one of the teas on the menu.  I personally would not try it again.  The flavor was very light.  Not really sweet or flavorful; just a light taste to it.  I can almost describe my tea as flavored water.  Like having a cucumber in your water to give it flavor?  Almost the same effect.  I also tried the homemade meatball appetizer.  It was good and came out of the kitchen super hot.  Nice amount of meatballs; sauce and artichokes.  I noted the artichokes to have a more sour note and I was unsure it is caused the sauce to be more on the sour side.  With both the sauce and artichokes being sour it ended up being too sour of a dish for me.  If you like your marinara sauce to be on the sour; tangy side this might be your dish.  I like a more sweet sauce or balanced marinara myself.  The pasta was good; I enjoyed the steak penne.  The sauce was the most robust flavors I had during dinner.  I believe this to be a dish I would have again.  I noted the steak to be cut in very small pieces.  Can't really ask to cook the steak medium rare in this case.  It still worked and I got my steak craving cured however.The kids meals end up being $5 a kid and include the drink; not a bad price tag.  One plate was pasta with butter and cheese.  Our second meal was a simple cheese pizza.  The pizza was good and so was the pasta.  The kids also get crayons and coloring pages; so I would say a kid friendly place.  The meals did come with a slice of an apple as a side; but both of my kids did not eat it.  Both noted the apple was super sour.  So I can say a good experience first visit; had some highs and lows and ugh moments.  I can say that does not discourage me; I plan on trying it again and only try a pizza.  Pizzas start at $12 and go on up.  So it can get pricey if you are a big eater like me.  Also please be patient since I experienced new staff on my visit.  Overall give it a try; you may like it.
I love Chipolte but not this location!! Food is always cold! and then when they add you meet they end up take half of it of like they put to much!! come one now Staff is pretty ghetto sorry for the word but its true. Ill drive tothe Quedoba near by.
...it isn't Used Kids or Vintage Vinyl; but considering the size of the space they sure do cram a lot of quality into this place.  Good prices and (relatively) friendly employees - not a 'destination' record store; but worth stopping by if you're in the area.
This resort is beautiful - plenty of trees and greens everywhere to make it feel like you're somewhat out of a desert setting. Rooms are much more spacious than you'd expect - a lack of toiletries in the bathroom but I always bring my own anyway.Five stars for the fabulous mini-bar in the room and very friendly staff. I'd definitely stay here again. Priceline offers this as a great deal if you bid your own price - we nabbed it at $60 a night after having a terrible experience at a different resort in Scottsdale.
The name of the place is what attracted us to look at the menu during our 3 day visit to Phoenix; we went for Sunday Brunch on my birthday and at the end of the meal they brought me cake! The food was good and the service was excellent; a younger crowd but family friendly. It was so good in fact we went back again on Monday morning!
Menudo and bolillo! I would give 5; but this is all I have ever had. Many many times. Did I mention all you can eat? Hell yea!
I tried this place with my family on X-mas day for diner since it was one of the few places open. We didn't expect much; just food and drinks; but we didn't even get a menu or water at all.After waiting for more than 15 minutes and seeing other tables get served before us; even calling the waiters and bouncer and nothing; we had to leave.I don't know if it was because we're not the type of usual clientele or what; because the places wasn't even half full and they were at least 4 people ignoring us.I rarely walk out from a place; but this was very upsetting.
This place has some of the worst food at ridiculous prices.  The fries were soggy and seemed as if they were sitting around for hours.   The steak in the steak sandwich was greasy and grissley.  It had like 3 leaves of lettuce with a few drops of mayo on the roll.  Man it was bad!!!  and I had the privilege of paying $17 for it....WTF!!To top it off; The food caused sickness about an hour after leaving. The service is slow and oblivious.  The place is dirty....there were tables and floors left unclean the whole time we were there.This place is really only good for going and having a few of their beers on the patio and people watching.
How I wish I could give this place a 5 star review for their happy hour!  More on that later!Our grade level team decided to venture to CJ for our holiday happy hour. (Prices are from $2.00-$7.00) Super glad we did!  Their Happy Hour menu is phenomenal!  Choices ranging from the typical happy hour fare of wings and things...but Irish Nachos?  Yes...shoestring fries topped with cheese and bacon! Mouthwatering and finger-licking good! Their calamari is superb!  It is not your typical tentacle and ring type cuts; this is cut from the true meat of the calamari (steak similar to the calamari steak sandwich at Hula's!)  Now...(Please stay seated until the entirety of this review is read because I have a feeling some of you may run to CJ after this)  Fried.  Mac. And.  Cheese.  Yes. I said Fried.  Mac.  And.  Cheese.  It's like a wedge of mac and cheese dipped into this super crispy crust like wrapping and deep fried served with this tangy spicy sauce thing.  I refuse to learn the nutritional facts of this decadence in a wedge; because I probably wouldn't ever eat it again...but it's DELICIOUS!  I also had the shrimp ceviche and they give you WAY more chips than you need...and not enough of the shrimp ceviche.  It's very tasty and very meaty...they don't skimp on that; but the portion could have been a bit more as I was craving it still. As for the drinks...great prices on beer and cocktails...again ranging from $3-$6Now for the reason I won't give 5 stars...they don't have seating inside the bar for a party greater than 4.  We had to sit at 2 separate tables which ended up being okay.  Here it is.  Our server.  She complained to the hostess that she wasn't even supposed to be our server right off the bat...and in front of us.  THEN...we are a funny bunch; I mean we are in a room with 20-30 9 and 10 yr olds all day so get us around adults and we let loose.  However; she wasn't amused...at all.  She wouldn't crack a smile.  She just stood there impatiently trying to force us to order.  Don't get me wrong; we weren't being rude to her; we were just being funny and it wasn't anything abnormal or inappropriate.  She just wasn't having it.  When we mentioned we needed separate checks; of course she mumbled and we could tell she wasn't happy.  We asked nicely.  Anywhooo...the food is great; the prices are perfect for Happy Hour...but next time; I hope our server is as goofy and as fun as we are...or at least is tolerant of us!  ;-)
Wow!!! in a bad way! This Cold stone use to be very nice with great icecream fresh waflle cones and tasty cakes... Suddenly Drastic changes seemed to happen!?? NEw owners ? Well the Owners is truly a rude and careless man... The employees lack talent... Which I know Cold stone has the tip a dollar; and sing hasnt happend anymore And I love tipping! If your good! sad... store ooks dirty and so unappealing... R.I.P. Lets remember the good days 2005-2008 after that This Cold Stone got a disease. ill be visisting Zoyo yougrt which just opened across the street!!
They are honest and ethical.  They let you know your immediate needs and just what the cost will be. They will advise you if your car needs further work; and how long you can wait.  I had a  problem with a AC compressor; and had a quote for over a thousand dollars.  Tim advised it just needed coolant; and I was able to still buy food that month.
Last Friday for lunch we decided to go to Main Ingredient.  OMG;  this place has the best BLT in town.  I'm not really sure what bacon they used; but it was awesome.  So the sandwich had chipotle mayonnaise;  lettuce; tomato and the perfect amount of bacon.  Normally when I get a BLT from somewhere it only has a couple of pieces of bacon on it.    Thanks; Main Ingredient for the best BLT ever.  :)
The check receptionist was OK; The check out receptionist was much more welcoming. The nurse was great and Jennae Porter PA-C was awesome! Would def refer and I plan on making this my Derm place!
Very unique property. Huge; sprawling; built into a hillside. Rooms are slightly dated; but very clean; well appointed and roomy.Staff was so friendly. Everyone seemed genuinely happy to chat and loved their jobs. Many pools and hot tubs; it's a water-lovers paradise. Family-friendly for sure- happy kids and parents everywhere.You feel like you're on Fantasy Island with the gorgeous landscaping and palm trees.Love this place!
Inside the Bungalow is one of the many Downtown Mesa gems! I found this coffee shop Yelp and boy was I happy when I discovered Inside The Bungalow! Upon arrival I was greeted by an amazing house where the coffee shop is located. You feel as if you have stepped into some sort of story book fantasy house. The outside is covered with brick pavers; waterfalls and tons of greenery. The inside is decorated beautifully with comfy couches; wooden floors and tons of room to sit down and read a good book or just catch up. This coffee shop is unique and down right cute. You will be blow away by the amazing staff and delicious coffee/ baked goods. If you ever get the chance check this place out!
So I am moving to D.C. in couple weeks so I had a bucket list of all of these types of food to have out or/and make at home. One of them was to have authentic Mexican food that you cannot get anywhere; particularly D.C. So we did a lot of research because all of the places we used to go to when I was a kid are either out of business or just not good anymore. We saw that this place had great reviews and people have recommended to us that we try this place out. We came here on a Friday night around 6:40. We only had to wait 10 minutes which is awesome. We decided to get a margarita and couple beers while we waited. The minute we got our drinks; our table was ready. My mom said she wanted a glass for her beer since she had a lime in her bottle; but it took them 10 minutes to get her a glass for the beer. It still did not kill my rating of this place because the meal itself made up for it. Even though there was a long delay like 35 minutes from the kitchen from when we had the most delicious cheese crisp to our dinner. We savored every bite of our meal. The tamales; especially the green corn tamale was outstanding; beef tacos were out of the world; chicken enchilada was hot and steamy; beans were full of flavor and reminded me of my old childhood days.The only con from this was the service and the bathroom. The bathroom strangely was really messy in terms of toilet paper and paper towels all over so I'd recommend that getting cleaned more often so people dont walk out with things on the bottom of their feet!
Great food- great service! I love and highly recommend their barbacoa- it is sweet and not very spicy. My husband loves their house dressing and always orders an extra. I usually get my orders to go and the cashiers have always been very careful of how they pack up the food for the drive home. The restaurant is always clean; and so are the restrooms.
I love the spicy Korean here ! I am a regular here...
Bad skinny margarita and just o.k. food. Not a fan
Old Town Farmers Market is one of the best things about living in Scottsdale. A good mix of the good; interesting and odd. Dog friendly. Thumbs up.
I have never actually shopped for groceries here; but I do come often for lunch since I work down the street. The hot food bar usually has some really good choices; especially around the holidays. And if I'm not in the mood for anything there; between the salad bar and the tons of other quick foods they offer (pizza; sushi; Mexican; etc.); I can usually find something I want. The juice/smoothie bar is also delicious. Definitely try the Scottsdale Green.So why only 3 stars? Customer service. The first (and what will probably be the last) time I went to the juice bar; it took 30 minutes from the time I got in line until the time I got my juice. They weren't that busy; but there seemed to be only one person making drinks; even though there were 3 people behind the register. And when I finally got my drink; there wasn't even so much as an apology for the delay.Although the checkout lines thankfully move faster than the juice bar; I've never had a single person behind the register ask me how my day was; or make any kind of conversation with me for that matter. In fact; they always look incredibly miserable. I don't go to Whole Foods to make friends; but would a smile kill you?P.S. If you get a chance to go to a free food demonstration here; do it! I went to one on Fair Trade Day; and not only did we get to sample tons of delicious food and learn the recipes; they gave us a goodie bag filled with fair trade goods that were easily worth $50.
I love this park and the annual pass is perfect.  It pays for it self and makes it a lot easier when you drive through not dealing with cash.
Every time they are spot on...thank you :-)
Decided to spend New Years here and giving them much of my business you would expect to have more respect here. Their New Years party said to be free before 11 and a group of 25 of us get there at 945 to make sure that we get in and not have to wait in a horrid line which we end up doing anyway. The manager of junkie and bouncer would not accept their own claim for the free admission like it says on their FB and flier they promoted and they should be confronted on their baiting advertisement which is completely illegal and should be sued. I have dumped way to much money on them to receive this type of treatment. They are all on their high horses and feel like they are doing us a favor for coming there and spending our money...they have it all wrong.
Tried the Egg Nog French Toast it was okay. The coffee was good and the portion size of the meal was just right. The restaurant had a comfortable feel and the staff was friendly. There was a funny odor that I caught a whiff of occasionally I think it was coming from the bathroom. I think the restaurant in Mesa is better.
This restaurant is too cute.  A cozy dining room than can fit maybe 24 people; and a small adjacent wooden rum bar.  The food is excellent too.  There are only a few appetizers and entrees on the menu; but what they do they do well.  Just beware that when they say an item is spicy; they mean it!The roasted plantains with mango chutney were a delicious beginning to our meal.  I loved my pork belly with guava glaze; served over mashed butter beans that were spiked with Jamaican spices.  My friend raved about the prawns simmered in curry and Red Stripe beer.  Another friend ordered the jerk-spiced pulled pork.  I warned him that it would be spicy (and I know he is not a huge fan of spicy food).  When he didn't finish his meal; the item mysteriously failed to appear on the bill! (Was it an omission; or did the server realize my friend didn't like it?)  Anyway; that's not to say the dish wasn't good; I think it was just a little too spicy for him.We decided not to have dessert here; and instead went to the art walk on Roosevelt St.  The Breadfruit is a little hard to find and there's only street parking; but if you're downtown be sure to give it a try.
If you are ever in Arizona stop by this restaurant you will not be disappointed.They have excellent food from greens; fried okra; fried chicken and red beans and rice to banana pudding.  The servers were excellent they are continually at your service.  The owner and manager also walks around to service your needs and to greet you personally.We decided to go to the Phoenix location because we wanted to make sure that we were getting the authentic flavor of Soul Food and we loved it.  The drive was worth it from Scottsdale.  Remember is you are ever in Arizona particularly Phoenix or Scottsdale stop by Lo-Lo's Chicken and Waffles.  We will be visiting them again within the next few months.
I live close to this place. Used to come several times every week. Shared a dish with my husband and still very filling. Their owner changed about 2 month ago. Kitchen staff remain the same; 10 year old carpet is replaced with tile and the decor looks fresher.  I was and still am a fan of this place. Their authentic food deserve applause.
For 18 dollars they do a phenomenal haircut; which includes a neck shave and massage. Crazy right? I always feel guilty and over tip. Best barber shop in downtown Phoenix.
I really like this bar.It's nothing fancy; there's no kitchen; and the crowd isn't the prettiest to look at...But the bartenders seem to genuinely care about customers; the owner seems like a really nice guy who goes out of his way to get to know his patrons; and the beer is always cold.  The prices are good for what you're getting; and the regulars are all very friendly.If you're in Surprise and you're looking for a place to have a few beers and watch some television; this is probably where you should go.
For those travelers looking for a quick bite to eat; but prefer something fresher than your regular airport Chili's; look at the new Olive and Ivy located across from Gate A4 in Terminal 4. Last year the City of Phoenix made a great decision when renewing their food service contracts to push vendors to bring in versions of local restaurants found thought the Valley. Here at Olive and Ivy; you'll find a fresh panini or two (recommend the Pastrami); a few salads and select coffee drinks made to order.
Inexpensive heaps of awesome goodness.  What more can I say?  I love piling my bowl high with tons of meat; veggies and noodles then smothering it in my own concoction of sauce.  I literally can't get enough of this place and wish there were more around the valley.
Brand new car. Been here three times. No mas.Pushy up selling; third party vendors selling stuff at front door; cash register personnel asking for donations du jour.  The place reeks of scam. I feel like I need a wash after doing business here.Detailer during hand wash broke the cargo cover but didn't say anything.Next visit - dirt and debris not completely vacuumed from cargo area.Last visit; last straw? Scratches on front hood - they appear to be due to someone using a dirty cloth. I cannot reasonably attribute the scratches to anyplace else.
Can't go wrong with the location and the views but the management office is highly incompetent. They used to be good but the service has almost become non-existent. Also there are a lot of children who live here and treat the place like it is their own personal garbage can.
We have dined here many times in the past. It's been several months since our last dining experience here. Some things have changed. What's the story with the bread/rolls? Italian restaurants are usually known for their great bread. But this has been changed to sliced Italian bread toasted. Heaven forbid if you request more as it takes forever. Just sad that they decided to save a few pennies on bread.Two of our party ordered Gnocchi Sorren and again there's a cutback-the small portion was even smaller for this visit. I recommend skipping the appetizers as these have been changed. The Caprese-IN THE PAST-had big slices of tomato but this time it was several small tomatoes which was a disappointment at best. The Buffalo Mozzarella was also smaller and just not worth the cost.Another person ordered the Pappardelle which was ok. The last person ordered the Strozzaprete ai Broccoli which was good. I think it will be some time before we return as this vist was a disappointment that can be avoided by not returning.
I'm in the market for an asian friend so I can get some help shopping in this store.  Seriously; I've lived right by this store since May and I still can't find Kefir Lime leaves to make Tom Kha.  I've asked multiple people that work there when I can find them and some that don't work there; no luck so far so they lose a star for that.  I understand the store is VERY big but please direct me to the person who can help or take me right to it not just point to an aisle.  Everyone that's working there seems very busy maybe they could hire a couple more people?The only other reason they lose a star is for the produce packaging it is excessive and wasteful to the core.  I really hope and pray they will gain a conscious about the planet that produces all those yummy fruits and vegetables.   When I think of all the needless styrofoam being used?!?!  I've seen a room with LOTS  of employees packaging it themselves.  Hello there's your extra people that could be improving our shopping experience in the back!!!  This store seriously lacks priorities but I guess that would be all of us because I can't boycott the only place that I can get fresh lychee!!!  At least they buy in season because they don't have lychee year-round or at least I think that's the reason.  I recommend we all tear up the packaging and buy only the quantity you need after all it is the law and I do it all the time.  Maybe if we all do this they will realize the packaging just gets discarded at the store instead of our houses and they will end it altogether.
Pedestrian and boring Thai food for the masses. If your idea of exotic is Pad Thai; then this is the place for you. No heat; no flavour; no imagination.Server lacked enthusiasm; obviously a common trend here throughout the restaurant.
Great place to get books for a broke college student!  Friendly staff and a great selection.
One kid; two girls; three rolls; four drinks...JK no drinks for us (we are more responsible drivers/parents than that) but not gonna lie those cocktails were calling my name.  While the vibe is more bar/date night than family dining; they do have half booths and a few kid safe menu options.Roll one; the tropical thunder; a spicy panko breaded shrimp with spicy krab and avocado topped with shrimp and pineapple salsa.  The roll was definitely spicy; the salsa is the unexpected element that cools it down and sweetens it up; loved it. Roll two; red hot chili pepper; spicy tuna roll topped with sashimi sliced tuna and a spicy chili aioli.  It was not nearly as spicy as the name suggests; which was a little disappointing one the spicy meter.We probably saved the best for last.  For our final roll; we did Chuck Norris; no pun intended.  If Chuck Norris were to eat sushi; he would poop out Pat Morita.  And if Chuck Norris where to be a sushi; he would be a spicy salmon and panko crusted shrimp inside; topped with sashimi salmon; avocado; fresh squeezed lemon juice and togarashi.  And he would be delectable.
When I lived in Scottsdale; I would eat Ray's Pizza after Wado almost every Tues/Thurs at 8pm; the employees are great people; and collaborate very well. The pizza is always warm; delicious; and most importantly; safe. There's a reason the pizza is pricey people! It's pricey because they buy high quality ingredients to make sure you don't wreck your toilets! I live in Tempe now; it's about a 15 minute drive to Ray's; but me and my buds still make the trip; and are more than satisfied every time. The best part of the restaurant is the atmosphere; it's inviting; well lit; clean; entertaining (there are 3 HD televisions in the place); and family friendly. To all the people comparing the place to New York and Jersey; you do realize this place is in SCOTTSDALE; of course it's incomparable!If you're ever in the area; stop by and grab a slice; you won't regret it.
Love the street tacos and adore the shrimp tostada appetizer.  Grilled plump shrimp are scrumptious on top of their bitesize guac-topped tostada.  Clean the patio up a bit (chair backs need wiping down; salt 'n pepper shakers had crusted food on them; and chair cushions sorely in need of replacement); and this place would earn one more star from me.
A real IMAX theatre; not just named one.  It has the trademark 4 story tall screen.  An IMAX movie will cost more than the standard screen; but it's worth the experience.  Try to plan your visit.  Use the restroom before the movie; and drink your beverage slowly.  The stairs to go to or from your seat are a steep grade.  Also; during a crowded showing; it might be difficult to get to your seat.  Those with vertigo should be careful
Probably one of the better cheesesteaks I have had recently in the Valley.  I have not deviated from the original combo (original cheesesteak; fries; and a drink) from the 3 times that I have gone.  That means I enjoyed it.  They sell Wise chips also.  Friendly staff.
Have lived a few blocks from this place for 6 years and have never gone. Saw a Groupon last week and decided to buy it. Thought I'd give it a try. Arrived around 11:30am today with my boyfriend to have lunch. We were the only ones in there. (Maybe about 20 mins later 2 more ppl showed up). Waiter was attentive and immediately brought us menus and took our drink order. I ordered the Shrimp Po'Boy and my b/f ordered the Gyro. As we were waiting on our food I glanced/looked around the restaurant. Taking it all in. Poorly decorated. Could use a deep cleaning. The condiment bottles greasy/sticky with fingerprints. Most of the ketchup bottles on the tables were empty. Also had me wondering if they keep the squeeze ketchup bottles refrigerated at night since they were all dirty and empty. Our food came. Our plates looked appetizing. French fries were soggy and cold. Not crispy whatsoever. The shrimp on my Po'Boy were big. The cornmeal coating on the shrimp was tasty. The hoagie bun was dried out completely. It fell apart or you could say crumbled apart. I ended up just eating the shrimp and leaving the bread & fries. Very disappointed. My b/f said his gyro was just okay. It had pieces of chicken; turkey bacon; & beef in it. Not your traditional gyro. His fries; too; were soggy and cold. Thank God we had a Groupon because if we had to pay $25.00 for 2 sandwiches & 2 iced teas that we did not enjoy at all; I would have been totally irritated. Would have given a 1 star but the waiter was nice. So giving an extra star and making it a 2.
Hit this place before a concert at jobing.com arena & am so glad we did.  It's way better than your typical chain.  Menu is huge....if you can't find something you like here; you've got a problem!  We went for lunch & had the noodle appetizer; sweet potato fries; a small salad and a burger.  All were very good.  Then we went back for happy hour & had a couple of drinks & nachos; which were great.  I tend to avoid chains like the plague; but I would go back to this place in a heartbeat.
Simply put:  Dr. Iain fixes me. I get back and neck adjustments. A couple times I was in deep trouble; back-wise; and I was so thankful to walk out of his office feeling so much better.  He has been very patient and flexible for me to get in to see him. I think I've been going to him for almost 10 yrs.  He is very capable and he and his wife; Evelyn are very nice people.  I recommend highly.
my boyfriend and I went with another couple on Christmas Day and we were all very pleasantly surprised.  There was zero wait; the prices are extremely reasonable and you get a lot of food for your money.  Good service even though they did have a little mix-up on my order.... the other three meals came out on time but there was a mistake on mine so I had to wait a little longer.  Not a huge deal and I only had to wait about 5 minutes before mine came out.  Atmosphere is so-so ..... very casual. Two of us had the honey crispy chicken (very yummy); my bf had the General Tso's chicken; and the last had teriyaki chicken.  We were all very pleased.
This was my second visit to fuego bistro. Had apps and sangria the 1st time. Dinner last night was beyond spectacular ..... All 3 of us can't say enough good things about how amazing all their food is.  This is a must go place  You won't be disappointed!
So I was craving an sundae earlier; I decided to pop by this DQ and got the medium size sundae with strawberry. After paying for the sundae; I was shocked by the size of the sundae; the server said he had weighed out the sundae too; it was as big as the vanilla cone. If you want every want a sundae; don't come here. Its no way as good as the Costco very berry sundae! Hands down!
The best bagel shop I have ever been to! I love their sandwiches and I love that there is always fresh iced tea brewed. YUMMY!
Our office (18 people) went for our Christmas dinner.  The service was great....which we found out was because they thought we had to get out fast to go see the Nutcracker.  We never mentioned anything about the Nutcracker; but it got us good service.  We had to order more than a week in advance.  They put us at 2 tables back to back so we couldn't socialize.  There was a little sunken area next to us that was never used the entire time we were there.  They said it couldn't hold all of us but I call bull.  They could've rearranged the tables to make it work.  It was very loud and very pricey. The drinks especially; were really expensive.  My husband liked the lamb; but my salmon was overcooked and the sides were bizzare. We all agreed that it was not worth the price and we won't be back.
i love this place. the first time i walked in there i felt like a kid in a candy shop.it was great. i shop there all the time and i would make sure that all my friends and fam do too.
This place is delicious!!I have been here a couple of times. Tonight was the first time I ordered take out.  My food was ready in 10 minutes!  They packaged it up with care and added a round cookie and a sugar cookie. I ordered the orange chicken and the crab Rangoon. Both where super delicious. I have plenty left over!!  The orange chicken had nice size pieces of juicy chicken breast lightly breaded and not overly spicy. I do love the decor in here!!  It's quirky but that's what makes it cool!  The only bummer about take out is you don't get the wonderful banana wontons everyone raved about but I'm sure they'd throw it in if you asked!! Love this place!!
One More Time!  It's time to celebrate...Last night we celebrated ENYE - Early New Year's Eve - at Crescent with One More Time; a tribute to Daft Punk.The crowd here is most definitely hipster; which is more just an observation than a judgment.The setup is pretty good here; albeit a bit weird since it has high-school-football-stadium-like-seating for the old people who don't feel like dancing or standing all night.  Truth be told; those seats started looking quite attractive after a few hours.  :)I am told the drinks were around $5; but I don't actually know since I was lucky enough to be drinking for free all night.  Woo hoo!We were in a group of about ten people and were able to find each other when separated... even in the large crowd.  The venue is not so big that you lose your friends all night.I will definitely be back.  Next time; I'm going to have to order one of those burros everyone is raving about.  Oh yeah... and the show was great!
Ok; so I was quite hungover and exhausted when my best friend and I stopped in Phoenix on our way home from Vegas. Our flight was early; we didn't want to leave Sin City and I was a tad cranky that we had a 45 min layover (Grr..)While we were walking around the US Airways terminal looking for a snack; we came across Modern Burger. I'm pretty hesitant re: airport food but I decided to give it a try.Oh My God. Modern Burger.. please open an outlet in NY. Please.Your Cheeseburgers are amazing. The beef is great quality - as was the salad I opted to put on to of my burger.However - the fries were the best part of my meal. Beautifully cut and seasoned to perfection. I am literally now going to transit in Phoenix every time I fly west now - just to have my Modern Burger fix!
Not bad. Had better; had worse. Will be back. :-)
Went to see the Misfits recently and I had a small issue with my tickets that was my own fault. The staff was very helpful and went above and beyond to get me sorted out. My girlfriend and I had a great time at the show; very close and personal venue; great sound quality AND the bar areas are properly staffed so I didn't have to wait in line and miss the whole show just to get a drink like many other concerts I end up seeing.
When I heard about this place I thought - chicken and waffles served together . I could not imagine this combination together but once I tried it I was HOOKED All I can see if Oh my gosh it is the best fried chicken and the waffles are light and fluffy and HUGE . I love this place - the only down side is it is a bit of a drive for me (but well worth the trip !!!)
I was recently admitted through the ER for two days.  I found the staff in the ER; radiology; and on the 3rd floor to be concerned; attentive; and caring.  I understand West Valley Hospital has a poor reputation but I would argue it is undeserved.
Great; made from scratch food. Decor is straight from an Italian grandmothers house and the place is very small. This place is NOT kid friendly; we had our 2 young girls with us and it was very uncomfortable even though they were accommodating. 4 stars for the food and our waiter.
They told me it would be an hour for delivery and it took 1hour and 35mins. I had tacos and pizza. The tacos were cold and the shell was so mushy it fell apart. The pizza was dry and cold. Called for a refund but was told they could get me new food out in 45mins. No thanks!
The lamb on the appetizer menu is 5 stars!  And if you look through the reviews here; I think the higher reviews are from people who got the lamb.  They're so nicely done (not well done! get them medium rare!); and the chimichurri sauce is excellent.I've had the garage burger at lunch with a side of their house salad (pesto dressing - yum!) and it's very filling.  Tasty too.
The twice cooked fries are awesome.The BBQ burger had good flavor; but was a little bit burnt on the outside.Service was nice; but we didn't find out we couldn't charge food to our rooms until after they brought the check for our group (wouldn't have been a big deal; except we had been allowed to do so the day before when we sat in smaller groups).
This is by far the best music store in the valley! My first time in almost 2 years ago I got to meet Steven Adler from Guns n Roses; and got a killer deal on a Kustom amp. Since then I've shopped here many times; and they regularly host meet n greets with all kinds of Rockstars as well as sponser local charity fundraisers. I attended one they sponsored for service dogs awhile back. I would rather shop here anyday over that other corporate music store. The staff knows what they're talking about when it comes to music and are really helpful everytime I come in. Support local businesses who support local the local music scene and the community! Today on christmas eve; the guy before me got $900 worth of gear for $450! I got 2 sets of new strings for my strat for only $6. Rock on Naked Daves \m/
We enjoyed New Years Eve at Beckett's. I had the Special which was an incredible Ribeye Roast and my wife had; as she always does; a Chef's surprise. Being Vegan I request; when reserving; that she be served a vegan meal and leaving it up to Justin to prepare. She has never been dissapointed. Service; ambiance; food quality; beverages; all without fault. Thank you for maintaining your level of attention to customer service and your commitement to quality. There are many restaurants in the Phoenix metropolitan area that one can choose to dine at. I cannot name one; where I would rather go; knowing that I do not stand a chance of walking out feeling dissapointed.
Been here a couple of times; not a bad place at all. Has everything you need; seats are comfortable a snack bar with a wide variety of selections. Popcorn seem to be on the salty side; but nothing a diet coke can wash away? This is not our prefer location(to far away) but if we had a opportunity to come back we would!
Major dive bar. If this is what you are looking for; which I was; you won't be disappointed. Incredibly cheap happy hour prices. No credit cards!
Everyone knows McDonald food is bottom of the barrel scum when it comes to nutrition.  Yet like many other Americans hiding behind the tint of their windows; I divulge into those preservative packed meat wads like those overstuffed hot dog competitors.....however; this article isn't about coming clean about indulging in fast food cravings; this is about the worst god forsaken Mcdonald's to hit the planet.  This McDonald's resembles a junkie frat house; it's not just one junkie-- the whole sardine can is stinking up the place.  If poor management were a marinade then this McDonald's would be saturated in it. They interpret Sprite as Coke; so by god try asking for a Coke if you want that lemon lime.  Whoever is responsible for inventory must think zero is a surplus. They're always out of something.  You always get the same squawking McParrot lean out the window as you approach spouting the same two things; We're out... or We can't..  Example:Me: Can I get a smoothie?McChallenged: We're out..Me: Can I get compensated or do you have something similar?McApathetic: We can't..Me: What really? Mc-Shoveit yo!DO YOU WANT TO KNOW WHAT TYPE OF MCDONALD'S THIS IS?This is the type of McDonalds that would put a barbie doll in your happy meal when you were expecting a bitchin hotwheels ride with those super turbo boosters on the tail end.  It's pure disappointment every time-- think about that one person in high school who you hated almost as much as those ass itches that wake you up at night.  Now imagine if that ass itch served you your food.  Avoid this at all costs.Go to the McDonalds on Mclintock and University for this is your saving grace.
So; this was our third visit to the Power Rd. Smashburger in east Mesa. It was also the third time they got our order WRONG. The menu has a CYO (create your own) burger. We have given it a try; each time hoping to get the delicious burger we wanted. If you order one of the regular burgers you'll probably get what you ordered. Otherwise prepare to be disappointed. THREE TIMES! REALLY? The beef is good and that's the only reason I gave so many stars. Oh yeah; and the fried pickles are yummy. It's just frustrating to pay so much for a burger and not get what you want.
We attended the Las Noches de las Luminarias again this year and since I've been away out of the country for the last four months; upon returning I can appreciate more the beauty and serenity of this particular desert botanical garden.  The night was perfect; not too cold; not too hot and there were 12 different musician stations playing throughout the garden.  Amazing part was when you are at each station; you felt like it was its own private concert; with no interference from the other musician stations.A lovely evening of great food and company spent in a lovely atmosphere!
I love their pinakbet (veggies sauteed in garlic and salted shrimp paste) and their pork BBQ (the meat is marinated in soy and garlic; skewered; then grilled). Sinigang (meat and veggies simmered in savory sour broth) and dinuguan (a sanguine pork stew) are normally not my first choices when offered a variety of Filipino dishes; but in this restaurant their preparations of those dishes have made them among my favorites. If cholesterol is not a concern of yours and you want a dynamite taste treat; get their crispy dinuguan - it's dinuguan mixed with lechon kawali (deep fried pork belly); totally awesome! A lot of us yelpers have been wishing that we could give ratings in half-star increments; if this were the case I would have given Manila Sunrise Gourmet 4 and 1/2 stars; as the very basic no-frills setting would not normally be characteristic of a 5-star etablishment. Since full stars are our only option; I'm going to round my rating UP to 5 stars because the food is so good and the prices so easy on the wallet!
Waiters are very personable and take the time to make sure all your needs are meet. By the time you are ready to leave; they charmed their way to a 20% tip. Food is pricey considering the quantity but you pay for the service and a well thought out; simple menu.
This place is so delicious!!  I've never even heard of eating chicken and waffles on the same plate; until this place opened up in my neighborhood.  It kind of reminds me of Thanksgiving dinner-with a lot of sweets and meat in the same mouthful!!  I wish it was a little less expensive; since I can make chicken and waffles at home for a fraction of the price; but I have to admit.... my homemade chicken and waffles could never be  NEARLY as delicious as Lo-Lo's.  ;D
This is my brother's favorite sushi place! We took him here for his birthday and they did an amazing job making his birthday special. They have this fun multi-colored strobe light that they turn on when they play their Happy Birthday song. It was really sweet. Also; the sushi is fresh and tasty. Their happy hour prices are cheap! My brother loves the all you can eat buffet for only $20.
best place to buy shoes
I crossed over from ta typical bodybuilding background to doing CrossFit at CF West Valley.  Brendan gives excellent instruction and makes the workouts interesting; challenging; and fun.  I get stronger every week and accomplish things I never thought possible. I love doing something different every day and I love pushing myself 100% during every workout.  The variety in routine keeps me returning and the friendships developed are a bonus.  I have been at this box for 6 months;  my husband joined about  month ago and he is a believer as well.  If you like a daily challenge and and pushing yourself to the limit every workout with like minded people then this is the place for you!  Call Brendan at CFWV and schedule a time to check it out!  I'm obsessed; I go every day that I am able; but you can choose the level of committment you're willing give.
These guys are wonderful!!  When I bought my house; with a wood burning fireplace; I placed an order on-line because it was after hours and Thomas called me the next day.  He asked me questions about my fireplace and determined by the size; etc. that I would be better off with alligator juniper and red gum.  The combination of the two is wonderful.  They delivered and stacked it for us.  My husband is disabled and cannot do anything strenuous so they were a Godsend.  Now; all I have to do is call and they know what I want and where to bring it.  Get your wood from them; you will not be sorry.
Owner called and is going to fix the work...front desk dropped ball and calls went unanswered....sees a reputable place....I'll report back after procedure this Monday...peace!
This place kicks so much ass; it could be called Bruce Lee.I was on my mission to find cool Xmas gifts and when I learned my beloved Smeeks had moved here; I knew I needed to see. If you've never been to Smeeks; you are living an incomplete life; and you need to reconsider every choice you've ever made. Smeeks is the coolest little store ever; and an amazing place to find one of a kind random gifts for the people in your world who you really like.Here is my rundown on the stores I stopped in:Smeeks-Amazing little candy and novelty store. Super cool kitchen gadgets that you will not find anywhere else. Everyone who got a gift from there was very happy; and everything I gave out; I secretly wish I had for myself.Whoopie Cakes-Wow; this 64 square foot tiny store packs a punch! Their product is so tasty and crushes anything like a cupcake I have ever had. SO fresh and delicious; I highly recommend a visit to their little charming store. The ladies there were so sweet and kind; and answered my numerous questions.Frances & Charlie-A part of the Smeeks empire; this place had fun stuff also; and another great place to buy fun things for the special people in your life.Tip! You get two hours of free parking validated at Union; regardless of whether you purchase something or not; that is a good deal. Support small businesses at this super cool new venture. Even if you just go to window shop; you cannot help but have a great time. Enjoy.
Hello;My name is Eric and I am a graphic designer/programmer. I recently created a full page flyer for a company called Superstition Manor. We needed the print done by next day; or we forfeit $150 paid to a bridal show. I frantically searched for a company that could do it... I ran across Impact Printing; and they were the only company that could get the project done by next day. I am very happy with the printing services I received from Impact printing! From the very start; Rob (owner) was patient in getting me a quote. I needed 5;000 pieces printed by the next day. He helped me with a very very reasonable price; and managed to get the job printed by next day. Rob and I were in communication through the whole process; and assured me that it would be completed in time. Everything turned out GREAT!!!!! I will be using this company for ANY other printing needs I will have in the future. I will recommend this Graphic Printing company for anyone I come across in the future; as well as recommend you.
The food was good; but the service was horrible! My entree came out after everyone else was almost done eating.....no apologies or offers to make up for this mistake. I ordered it mild (3); but it was very spicy. We eat at Indian restaurants frequently; but I don't think I would return to this one. I have had food that was just as good at other Scottsdale Indian restaurants (and they aren't as pricey).
Great pizza for the downtown crowd that isn't greasy! High quality pizza - love it!
Stopped by while on the other end of the world running errands.  I saw a sign and had heard about it so we went in and got some food.  Got a Gyro and a Chicken Picado Pita.  Both were amazing; and the extra tzatziki was really nice to dip the fries in.  The staff was really friendly and seemed to be checking on the customers to make sure everything was ok.  I'm wishing this place was closer so i could try more menu items; but i guess it will have to wait till i'm out that way!
taco bell yum. i have never had a messed up order from this location. bring back chili cheese burritos and bell beefers taco bell!!!!!
I loved this place. The staff was friendly and nice. I love the drink dispenser-awesome! Great burgers as usual-will be back for sure!
New Year means new menu items. All I can say is Thanks Jackie! Tried the new turkey salad crostini yesterday; and fellow foodies you should try it too! Or the tofu scramble with potatoes. Or just a side of the roasted veggies. You pretty much can't go wrong here. Wy-Knot!
Similar to Smashburger. This place has a little better burger and the tri-tip sandwich was pretty good.
Finally tried a beef burger vs. a chicken burger here.  The meat was nicely cooked; juicy; with good flavor.  I had it Arizona style with freshly sliced jalapenos; guacamole; lettuce; tomato; onion and habanero cheese.  The jalapenos were arranged in a neat cross design (See picture; they must have been feeling creative that day!).  Service was fast and friendly.  I did like the beef burger; but I'm still a bigger fan of the chicken burgers!
Between my parents and myself; we have pretty much eaten our way through the menu and because there are several items that I actually find myself craving; I thought I should update my review.The veggie lo-mein is better than your average noodle. There are always a ton of fresh veggies (brocolli; carrots; onions; cauliflower; etc) with just a hint of smokiness to the noodles. Really quite wonderful.The sesame chicken isn't like any I've ever had. It's really more like a honey glazed chicken; sprinkled with a few sesame seeds; but it is awesome. The chicken and vegetables is awesome and not over-dressed with gooey sauce. And all of the chicken dishes are made with all white meat; so you don't get that weird feeling half way through your meal that you are eating some sort of mystery ingredient.They have two family meal options that are dirt cheap and for those of you that question whether or not you will have enough food for your family of 4 or 6; trust the guidelines and grab a big table because once the plates start arriving; you will need the room!Although the original owners did sell about 1.5 years ago; the new family that took over is every bit as nice and dedicated to putting out good food for a decent price.The last two bonuses are their huge delivery area and the fact that most items on the menu can be ordered as either an a la carte item (enough for 4 servings); as a meal (which comes with rice; egg roll; and crab puff); or in a bowl (with just rice).  The standouts on the menu; along with the super low prices and the flexability  for ordering just what you want; earns them an extra star!
I sat at the bar the bartender offered good service
I give the food five stars; but there are negatives to consider.The food is amazing. The best mexican I've ever had this side of Cabo. This is as far from TexMex as you can get. Quality recipes. Complicated tastes. Truly elegant. This is high end cuisine. Service was impeccable. For great food you're going to pay though. Dearly. Lunch: an appetizer; two entrees; two iced teas and tip: $65.00. Now the negatives. Location: it is in a bad of town. I wouldn't want to be there after dark. I consider this to be a lunch only restaurant. Parking is behind the restaurant which makes a good shield for car burglars. The physical plant is very old. Not well kept. There is a single unisex bathroom which is incredibly small...as in dollhouse small. I was there at 2pm on a Friday. The bathroom had obviously not been serviced from the noon lunch rush. It needed a lot of attention. The restaurant is small overall and incredibly noisy. If you don't cater well to noise and close/crowded spaces; this restaurant is not for you.This was my first visit. I will definitely go back. The pros outweigh the cons.
The prices were a tiny bit high for this otherwise seemingly average lunch spot; but execution and ambiance were great. All in all; I thought it was slightly better than A-OK. However; a friend has a rather hilarious story about being shooshed by the bartender who paradoxically insisted that he was not tending a bar as he scolded my friend's group. To experience this shooshing; I might just have to return someday and try to ruin the Parlor's beloved ambiance. Eh; maybe not; but I'm keeping this option open.
Fast; inexpensive. The crust has kind of a weird taste. Maybe excellent pizza after some beers.
most mongolian grills allow you to decide how to eat your single-bowl (no refill) order.  instead of following this custom; yc's prohibits sharingnot only does their large chalkboard announce this prohibition upon entering; it also says TELL THEM TO GET THEIR OWN!i would never be so rude to my date.for $10.95 for one bowl (this perhaps the highest priced mongolian grill i have seen) i should be able to sharei questioned the cashier about this policy and was told our sales are based on the number of bowls we can sell to our customers..so we don't allow sharingamazing...you can; however; get the portion to go...so; we had to get the portion to go and eat it outside and away from the yc's.please take down your rude message (and lower your price) or i'll never return.
Bogus Krispy Kreme location does not make donuts here!  We're waiting for our donut delivery truck.  All they had left were lemon filled donuts. :o  I'm not quite sure why they're not making the donuts here as all they do is glaze pre-made donuts.  You'll do better by finding a retailer or an actual KK store that makes the donuts.  Or just go to Caleefornia; where they're always have Krispy Kremes in stock :)
Very good taco shop. Carne asada is awesome and so is chicken.this is real mexican taco shop stuff.  If you like Taco Bell stay away; if you like the real deal go here.  Get yourself a carne asada burrito and you will not be sorry.
I have used K-9 Games for both training and boarding for some years now and have been completely satisfied with both areas of service. My dog has had both behavioral and health issues; both of which have ranged beyond my knowledge and abilities as a long-time dog owner. The staff at K-9 Games has helped me not only address these issues; but; more importantly; helped me better understand the behavioral issues and my role in them. I've become a better dog owner and I today have a bond with my dog I never thought possible.
This place looked okay on yelp; it was only a block from our hotel so we walked there to pick up breakfast on Sunday. We walked in and had to sit ourselves and were handed two menus without a word from a sullen teenage server and were then ignored for almost 20 minutes so we walked out. It looked grubby and the menus were sticky. Altogether this place deserves ZERO STARS
We went here to celebrate My Niece in law's Birthday. Had a great time. We ordered a few different types of pizza. They were all very tasty; everyone demolished them.
love love LOVE this place! i went to the location in Illinois a couple years ago and came across the one here! was so excited to go bc i remember how delicious it was then and it definitely didn't disappoint this time either! FRESH SQUEEZED OJ! yummy!! have tried a few things on the menu that have been pretty average; but by far the best thing on the menu is the WILDBERRY CAKES! yummy; so delicious! their vanilla cream is apparently made in house and the entire concoction is absolutely divine! i'd go back just for those! also out of the lunch menu; i loved the southwest veggie wrap; it was also delicious; very flavorful; kept going back for more bites! oh and of course; you can never skip out on the latte if you go for breakfast!they're very busy so every time i've gone; there's been a wait but not too bad. service is good; some busy days are a bit slow but nothing horribly bad.
I am writing this review based solely on the little known fact that there is an automated package kiosk in the lobby!  Tired of waiting in line?Need to mail that package after 7pm?Can you use a computer or cellphone?If you answered YES to any of the above questions; get to this USPS when mailing your next package!  Granted; it should NOT be the size of a bicycle or big-screen TV.Shoebox size or smaller?  This is the place you.  I stopped in last night; NO WAITING!Perfect.
I don't like coffee; but I love caramel! And; since they make a KILLER Caramel Blended Beverage - we are allowed to have business meetings here.The location is very convenient; right off the freeway. The staff is awesome! Constantly checking to make sure you don't need anything. And; free Wi-Fi!!This place tends to be a little more quieter than the average Starbucks. So great place to study or get some work done.
A fine choice in a hotel. Decent food. Good service.
Always good and predictable with a diverse menu. Nice family atmosphere. Really great outdoor or indoor seating.  Pretty much a standard once a week place for our family.
Beautiful Resort with great customer service. Love the lazy river and the outdoor fire pit.  Paid extra for the Griffin Club which was worth every penny Will come here again for sure!
I can't say too much; since we only ordered sandwiches to go.  It has a nice location; nice atmosphere; and great interior.  The service was friendly; however; one of our sandwiches was made incorrectly - not a big deal really.  I regret to say that I did not get to try any of their sodas :(; though the sandwiches were pretty good.
Had the #1 Pho and it was amazing! Also had the Autumn Rolls; which were great especially with the peanut sauce. The service is great and the owners are friendly and very appreciative of their customers. This place is a hidden gem. Glad I work nearby!...
This place deserves five stars for two reasons. First; it is commendable that a corporate restaurant makes this level of a commitment to serve numerous gluten free and vegetarian options. My SO has celiac and although many restaurants in the Phoenix area are trying harder to provide gluten free options; very view provide this extensive range of options or achieve this level of excellence.Second; five stars is  deserved for the overall quality of all dishes on the menu.Other thoughts: Sitting at the bar for dinner is a fun and casual approach to dining here. The people that comment on the small portion sizes are out of their minds. One can only assume they frequent places like Cheesecake Factory. Eat right and live longer!
Apparently I came in to late to be a part of the drunken employees party. 10 pm. Was called faggot by an employee?? She was being helped out of the bathroom by a man. My refusal to give her a high-five got me this reproach. You're a faggot. And all I came in for was a beer.
Dont take your car here unless you want to be charged for services you DID NOT receive. I took my girlfriends car there to get her fuel pump replaced. After the tech lectured me for about 10 min about the importance of not driving your car on E (duh; I know; not my car; my girlfriends) they charged me 25 bucks for gas. Ok; cool I thought there is 25 dollars in gas in the tank.. SCORE!!! Nope; the car was BONE dry and on E. I asked the manager for a refund and he slaps 10 dollars on the counter. I said nope that will not do; I either want 25 dollars in gas or a 25 dollar refund. He then offered me a free oil change. Really?? Do you think I would bring my car back for an oil change after being ripped off for 25 dollars in non existent gas. I dont think so. He called the manager and after a few minutes came back saying well; I dont know what you want me to do. HEY JACKASS; HOW ABOUT A REFUND??!! Nope; I know my techh put gas in your car. I handed him the keys and challenged him to drive up the road with me and back. Of course he would not take my challenge. Feeling defeated I politely left and told him that my business will be taken elsewhere next time.
Just to clarify; I have never actually eaten at this restaurant but the experience I had with them doesn't make me want to try them out.  I work in the same plaza as Zupas and decided to try them out for lunch for myself and coworkers.  Upon looking at the menu it seems very similar to Paradise Bakery; but even more overpriced.  When I walked over to order; just a small sandwich platter would of cost me over $60!  Being on a budget; I just ordered cookies and chocolate covered strawberries; which still came out to over $40.  Upon returning to work I told the girls and we decided to cancel our order and go somewhere else where we could get more food for a cheaper price.  When I tried calling over there they weren't answering the phones so I had to walk over once again.  When I told them to cancel our order; they said they didn't even have one under my name!  They told me maybe I got mixed up and called a different store and placed my order.  They didn't even remember me from 15 minutes earlier!  So no; I cannot vouch for their food but their customer service definitely leaves something to be desired and I do not intend on going back.
Great happy hour!$5 for house wineappetizers are all half off with the exception of one. I would say the calamari is the best bang for your buck.  You get literally a giant mount and its pretty delicious. I also love the carpaccio.  Very simple but really good. I always find myself wanting to order another plate. the only thing that I didn't enjoy was the escargot. it came wrapped up in a puff pastry with a creamy sauce inside but the puff pastry was very underdone so it was basically still raw on the inside which made for an even chewier experience then the snail itself. but overall I like this place and would definitely recommend it to anyone wanting to grab a few appetizers and brings.  Haven't tried the dinner menu so I can't comment on how their main courses are.
I enjoy eating here; they have a great lunch special at a cheap price. Also there are a lot of non-Asians that go here; so don't be intimidated if you aren't Korean.
This was one delicious and festive event!  I don't know if I could pick the highlight of the evening; because the entire thing was amazing.  We were served so much food we were fighting off a food coma by the end of the night.  Every bit was delicious... the house made mozzarella; short rib; calamari; Brussels sprouts; beef carpaccio; filet mignon; red velvet bread pudding; champagne; a selection of wines... I could go on.  We sat across from Jessica; the sales manager of Tanzy; and she was a wealth of information about the foods we were tasting.  We failed to heed her warning to pace ourselves; but I regret nothing.  It was a lot of fun to see everybody enjoying themselves wearing Christmassy hats; and later we had a good time with the White Elephant gift exchange.  All-in-all; it was a wonderful Christmas party.I can't wait to go back and see a movie at iPic!  We took a quick tour of the theater; and I promise you; there will be a review about the experience to come.Thank you Lindsey; Tanzy and iPic for the top-notch night!
Excellent oatmeal. Highly recommend!
I was here at the pre-grand opening and had the opportunity to experience many of the menu items and have since been back a few times as well as organized my company holiday dinner here.  It is obviously a high end; Mastro creation and the prices; food; decor; and service all reflect that.  The steaks are incredible; portions more then are necessary and service incredible.  They even call you a few days after to ensure you had a good experience.   It probably falls into the 'special occasion' category for most; but a great place anytime.
Great food and service. only 4stars cause of outside patio furniture was horrible and prices.
I like dreamy draw. There are lot of trails so you can easily ignore people. It's a good place for off the leash running with the dog. Just please keep mean dogs at home. The trail is rough and rocky and there are speedy mountain bikers sometimes. But there are no fees for parking and there is a nice gazebo and tables. The bathrooms are cold brick and steel and there is no door in the women's room. But it has tp and running water.
i was impressed.  very much not phoenixish and very nice break from corporate. very unique; very good food; classy.
This review is only for the bar and cocktails. The ladies behind the bar were friendly and attentive and also mentioned the happy hour specials of the morning. Who doesn't love a good Bloody Mary cheap? We most certainly do. There's also a cool outdoor area with plenty of tv's to watch and chill. We have hung out here before during Spring Training and it is always a hot spot....
I truly can't say enough about the food and service in this place. I've dined at my fair share of steak houses in my short 27 years of life on this planet; but BLT blows all the mastro's; Ruth's Chris; Houstons; Flemmings; ect. all out of the water.Definitely try the double cut bacon and the hamachi. Both solid apps. I've had the burratta as well and enjoyed it. I think next time we will probably try the crabcake and a couple salads. I usually go for the bone in filet while I'm here; but last time; sprung for the waygu top cap with foie gras butter. Holy flavor overload. I ordered it medium rare; but the chef said no way; not on that steak; and made it medium and I'm glad he did. Honestly probably one of the best; if not the best steak I've ever had. My girlfriend had the Petite Filet which was good as well. I haven't tried any of the seafood entrees yet; so I can't review those. Though my girlfriend had the lemon rosemary chicken once; and it was very flavorful as well. I usually skip sauces on my steaks; but BLT has so many great choices that we had gotten a few of those as well. the Roquefort and the Red wine sauce were my two favorites. My other half is a sucker for chimichurri. Now; I'm a sucker for gnocchi; and though i still order them every time i go there; they can't touch my grandmas! sorry chef. Love the mound of fresh parm on top. The Jalopeno mashed potatoes were out of this world. i only got to try a couple tastes of them because my girlfriend hogged them all. For dessert; we had the apple pie and the crepe soufflé. The apple pie was good; but the crepe was definitely a 10. Service is always great and we always feel welcome and at home here. Samanda; Joel; and Chris were great this last time. Can't wait to go back.
I am a fro-yo junky; so I was excited to enjoy some FROZEN yogurt on a nice chilly evening.I was excited to see what flavors they had for me to drool over; but was highly disappointed.  Their apple pie flavor tasted more like pumpkin pie; egg nog was way too sweet; chocolate wasn't chocolatey at all...so I opted for the plain tart.  Thankfully they had some mango boba and lychee so I was able to satiate that craving.  We were going to sit inside; but the tables were pretty dirty so we opted to sit outside under some of those portable heaters.The yogurt is good; they have a decent variety of toppings; but I suggest some more variety of flavors...that is all.
I forgot to post this last month......Best this place has been in years! Shrimp salad; chicken marsala; lasagna... all awesome! Service was the best its been in a long time too. I think our waitress was pregnant; I forgot to ask her name; but she was great!
Love! Cibo is a place I have been wanting to go to for ages; and after getting lost and missing an event downtown; I decided to treat myself to dinner here. It was a nice night and the patio was poppin'; but I decided to sit inside. I had their dessert blossom tea and decided on the diavola pizza. It was really good; one of the top pizzas I've had. I was in a rush but decided to get the banana nutella crepe which was a delicious mistake. Service was good. There was a mistake on my bill but the staff worked to quickly fix it. No doubt I'll be back.
I walked to Chloe's Corner while on a break from Jury Duty.  I ordered the tuna melt and a bowl of tomato soup.  The sandwich was huge and melty and gooey.  It hit the spot.  The tomato soup was sort of thin; but the flavor was top notch.  The price point was very affordable.  If I worked downtown; I'd be here all the time.  The food was so good; that when I walked back to the courthouse and got released from Jury Duty immediately; I wasn't even angry that they could have released us before lunch.
what is there to be said that hasn't already been?try their sea salt choc chip cookies. with coffee or milk. get all the FREE toppings on your pizza that you like! (egg? garlic? chilies!??!?!) my fave? the roasted corn with goat cheese. put an egg on it!
They are reasonably competent; but I have some serious issues; which has led me to take my business elsewhere.  They are friendly and everything seems fine; but when I had some fillings done; they somehow irritated a nerve in my jaw; giving me months of pain.  He did prescribe me pain pills; but that didn't solve the problem.  Eventually; it subsided; and I returned for another routine cleaning.  This time; he found 10 cavities; all on 2-4 surfaces of the tooth.I was horrified; I like to think I maintain really good oral hygeine.  It didn't seem right.  And the amount they wanted-  between $202 and $322 for EACH FILLING! I pay out of pocket; and that's a LOT of money.  They just handed me a CareCredit brouchure so I could go into debt for them.  I decided to get a second opinion from my boyfriend's dentist at North Mountain Dentistry.  He did find a 4 of the same cavities; but explained that 4PeaksFD were trying to increase the number of surfaces on each tooth.  He also explained that some were not actually cavities; but rough spots where fillings were starting to age.  They were going to replace the entire filling long before it was truly necessary. Instead; he offered to smooth the 2 that needed it for free to prolong their life.  There were even 2 or 3 cavities 4Peaks FD found that my new dentist said were not there at all.I was disappointed to learn that the dentist I had been trusting was trying to wring pennies out of me.  Disgusting.  I'm glad I found a competent; honest new dentist.
Their prices are way too steep for a very average burger. Not sure why everyone is so hyped up on this place.
Went for dinner between Christmas and New Year. The place was packed; and everything was flowing efficiently. Noise wasn't bad. Waiter and sommelier were professionals.Located in the Fairmont Scottsdale Princess grounds: Nice bar...you can eat there at Happy Hour. But; the main show is the dining room; where the waiters and sommelier perform expertly. Get ready for the menu...lots of choices; and I recommend that you listen to the waiter's explanations (user assistance for the menu). It's key to your ability to order well.What I came away with: the steaks are sublime; and so are the accouterments (mac & cheese (may have been a special item on our night); salt-baked potato with a huge array of traditional fixin's; creamed spinach with smoked onion; sunchoke gratin with goat cheese sauce; and so on).We had the 14 oz New York Strip...cut it in half ourselves; and that was plenty of steak for us. Very good steak by any standard.But; even though the steak was sumptious; the best part of the meal was the dessert (remember; life is uncertain; EAT dessert! ...  Ernestine Ulmer). We had the mascarpone cheesecake. This is a deconstructed cheescake served with strawberrites; rasberries; and pistachios. Short of Bavarian cheesecake from Munich; this is the BEST cheesecake I have ever had.                                       W   o   n   d   e   r   f   u   l   !   !   !Bon appetit.
Great pizza. There are plenty of toppings on the pies. The salad bar is nice also. Above all; the service is great.
BUYER BEWARE!!If you buy a LivingSocial deal the fine print will read excluding special events.  One may think this means a party or something of that nature. You may even think these events would be labeled on their website.  You would be wrong.  I bought this deal when I saw The Big Lebowski playing and thought it would be a perfect Christmas gift for my boyfriend.  We we drove all the way downtown that afternoon for the early showing which wasn't too crowded.  Then; we were informed that every classic movie they show is a special event; hence no deal.  You would think that since it wasn't too busy and it seems like kind of a new niche place that they would honor the deal; but since they refused I was left disappointed and my present was wasted.  This is why so many unique places go out of business...they just don't care about their customers and turn away someone who probably would have ended up loving the place.
I purchased a Travelzoo Local Deal for this spa and it included a facial and use of spa facilities. This spa and resort has a stellar reputation and I was very much looking forward to it and had high expectations. I get facials approximately every 2 months and have never encountered the damage inflicted upon my skin as I did yesterday.A normal facial typically includes 'extractions' and I always agree to this procedure. I agreed to have the employee perform a few extractions thinking that at a 5 star resort/spa it would be fine. It was far from fine. Typically you are not supposed to 'force' an extraction and most times if it is difficult; they stop. She did major damage to my skin. I left the room with large red welts on my face. I assume she realized what she had done because she kept repeating to me that those will eventually fade and kept telling me it's normal. I have never in my life had a facial where I looked worse than when I walk in. I have very clear skin; no acne; no scars and I walked out looking like I was stung by bees. The swelling and redness did eventually go down ; but I had to cancel plans that night because of my appearance (yes; vanity kicked in). However upon waking up this morning I have scabs or what appears to look like areas where Ive been 'picking' at my skin. These were the extraction sites. They are not swollen any longer; but are still red and may possibly leave scars. Because they are open areas of my skin; I am hesitant to put makeup on them as I want them to heal properly. I now have to walk around with these scabs on my face. I'm quite upset about this obviously.I can't fathom how this place thinks this woman is qualified to give facials; especially where they normally charge $175 for this service. I paid $119 and have damage to my face. While the spa itself was very nice; I was horrified at the appearance of my face and did not enjoy the facilities . On top of that I was forced to pay $45 for gratuity BEFORE I had my treatment. In no way did this woman deserve a tip.. she has damaged my skin!While the resort and facilities are great; I'd never allow them to touch my face again.
On the positive side; we had no problems with our actual automobile from them.  It ran well and had no problems.On the other side; we changed our pickup time from 9AM to 11AM via phonecall; arrived at 10:40AM and the employee stated that we were late; he gave away our car; and that we can only pay $20/day extra to upgrade to a ford he had.After I informed him that contractually he should have reserved our car for 2hrs after our reservation and that we were actually before 11AM; magically; our car became available again.This was a awful experience and I did not appreciate the attempt to be swindled.
I have now gone to Paul three times first for just a cut then the other two times cut and color. Every time I come out very happy. I have long thin flat straight hair most hair stylist don't know what to do with thin hair but Paul puts in layers and cuts it so it has a little more volume he also never cuts to much off.  Paul is AMAZING when it comes to dying hair; he knows what colors will look best on you and can work with you to help you find the right color. I have blue eyes and red skin tone in my face; Paul dyes my hair colors that take away the red in my face and bring out my eyes. I'm very happy that I found Paul he's defiantly the best hair slyest I've ever been to.
My partner and I were driving cross country from Los Angeles to Atlanta and while in Phoenix he started getting horrible stomach pains. Pull up my yelp app; type in doctor and found Dr. Cohen. Gotta love it. She was very nice; first they said they had no appointments but then called me and said if we didn't mind waiting 15 min we could get in. Turns out he was fine but when your on the road about to drive across the desert the last thing we wanted to happen was a appendicitis or something!! So thanks Dr. Cohen for assuring us of his health and keeping our roadtrip on track.
Food was good; drinks were good; service was ok; not great.Took them a long time figure out we were there and to serve us.Once they took our order things started going better.
4* only because i'll probably search for the next 10 years to find something better. sandwiches are great but i particularly love the genuine english muffins. none of that thomas's anymore. very comfortable layout too. sometimes tight but always cool
Went on a Wednesday night; and filled up rather quick.. Drink service was a bit crowded; to be expected; but got served in a timely manner. The promoter of that night was very hospitable; but what can happen here in Scottsdale.. you get the one drunken; stuck-up; failed attempt of a Plastics from Mean Girls Snottsdale friend of the promoter who will call you out if she thinks your presence upsets the Harry & David Apple Cart.. She must have seen some GI Joe in her day; because she had a kung-fu grip on my arm; practically begging for an assault charge brought up on her..!
Small place; great pizza; very fresh! We went for lunch on a Friday and waited about 45 minutes but I think that is part of the experience. Cheeseboard in Berkeley; CA is better
We are hooked! This place is awesome. The Gelati with Italian Ice and Frozen Custard is delicious. I highly recommend it...
After my brother-in-law wrote to the hotel they promptly responded with an offer to make up for the average meal.  I am now giving them 4 stars for customer service.  Even at my favorite restaurants; I sometimes get a disappointing meal.  I will give these guys another shot and let you know if the other reviewers were right.
Wow! Some great barbecue at this place. It's a bad time to reminisce about the meal I had because I am hungry right now. I only wish the potato salad was more flavorful. Dessert; meal cornbread was all ridiculously delicious.
I have never eaten at El Pollo Loco before but decided to try them out today and get lunch for myself and coworkers.  I went on their website which is easy to maneuver and found a nice catering menu.  When I went to place my order it told me that because I didn't order 12 hours in advance I would need to call the store directly.  I was worried they wouldn't be able to fill my order because I needed it in the next 2 hours; but a very friendly man answered the phone and told me he could indeed have my order ready in time.  I ordered 2 taquito platters which were very tasty and reasonably priced.  When I went to the store to pick them up they also gave me extra tins for salsa from their salsa bar as well as plates and utensils.  I definitely will be coming here again and I look forward to trying their other menu items!
Wait; I didn't know Dilly's Deli was this good! Why didn't anyone tip me off earlier?You know how some deli shops only put a few slices of meat on their sandwiches? That isn't a problem at Dilly's. There was a good amount of meat in my Italian sandwich...and the flavor was unbeatable too. The bread seemed fresh-baked and exceeded my expectations with regards to flavor. Overall; I really enjoyed my meal; and will definitely be back!
I do enjoy the food; layout; and service style of Liberty Market. However; the prices are a bit steep; and you really don't get a lot of food- depending on which items you order. Albeit; everything is fresh; tasty; and goes down easy. I have noticed quite often that tables do not get bussed; and when I have asked; or another guest has asked an employee for something; They don't receive it. The sense of urgency just isn't there.. I had asked someone at the register a couple questions about side options; and was blankly stared at for a few seconds. Then I received a somewhat curt response; as if I was being rude? Anyway; I give this place three stars because it really is a nice place to eat; and I will go here to do business with friends. I'd much rather come here than the Postino across the street. Sitting outside or near the pizza oven is usually the best spot. If you don't like 'cafeteria style' seating; then this place won't work for you. It gets loud; because of the brick walls and multiple voices talking at once. I do recommend the sweet potato side; and pretty much any of the sandwiches. I wasn't too impressed with the pizza. Didn't fill us up much.
very good food with great service
Worst service in all of Phoenix. We waited an hour in front of our hot pot broth. They ran out of our ordered food; forgot to give us the dipping sauces and the serving spoons. When we told the waitress;  her response: How was I suppose to know.  Better alternative: Top ramen at home!!!! We will NEVER got back!!
This place....Oh My.....Well if you're a vegetarian...RUN. I got stuck at this place due to a corporate event my company hosted there. Let me say; how excited I was at the idea of Mexican food at the Christmas party. Then my vegetarian extinct kicked in when I got there....hmm....lets check for lard.I asked the waitress who was going around...slowly I add but it was a busy night so maybe the service is faster when there isn't a huge event going on. (I'm thinking understaffed?....hoping?) Anyway; I was then informed that they cook their beans with bacon. What? Yes. Bacon. So there went the idea of a burrito; a tostada. Depressing. I ended up eating the very ehh chips (deep fried tasting and thicker than the typical chip. I'd venture to guess possibly flour chips?) I'm not a big drinker so the allure isn't there for the bar aspect. I will honestly never be back and from what the people who actually did eat there said I didn't miss anything.
I've seen the comedians here at another (nicer) establishment so I was excited to see them again here. We went on a Friday night and guess what? No comedy! It was cancelled for 2 weeks. WTF?Food was ...eh. Prices were ...eh. Smell was ...ewww and drunks were everywhere at 6pm. Did I miss something? Were they giving away free beer right before i got there?  At least 3 people were stone-faced; couldn't walk straight drunk!Do yourself a favor and keep on going unless you like the smell of urine and mildew.BTW- the second star was only for the service.
Aside from being the host of some late-night super secret UYEs; the library is also a great place to grab a book! This library in particular is chalk full of them. Books of every shape; size; colour; language; topic and font. You may also find CDs and DVDs to check out here! The people watching is on point! The patrons of Burton Barr are as diverse as the books! I don't suggest you go to the teen floor unless you want to be annoyed beyond belief or you have to tutor a student. The children's section is phenomenal. Separate computer section just for the tiny ones' enjoyment. The tables are full of puzzles and games for the kids also. Plus the books in this section range from toddler to 6th grade reading. Also; the City has in place all kinds of wonderful reading programs. And yes; the architecture and decor are fantastic. This really is a beautiful library.
Try no.22! It's been a while; I came back & the flavors still awesome!
I super love that they have Spam and can add it to things! Love the different types of beer. I had #3; a raspberry wheat by grand canyon brewing; smell of raspberry and initial taste is the fruit with the after taste being kinda creamsicle-y. They also have draft wines. So; to start off; we had the Mess; which was a mess; but a hot delicious one! The gravy that comes atop the fries was delish. The fries weren't too skinny and didn't get too soggy from the gravy but then again; I don't we let it sit long enough to get soggy. And the cheese curds made for a nice crunch with it. After eating it; I really wanted to add Spam and get a side of gravy lol. Maybe next time. After the mess; it was now onto the pizza - the meaty treat. It certainly was a meaty treat for your mouth. It had all sorts of meat but with the added Spam; what can I say but 'heaven' (I'm Asian and I love my Spam). Next time; and there will be a next time; there should be a flight involved and another pizza with more Spam lol.
The Phoenix New Times winner of Best After Hours Feast last year; Navajo chef Renatto-Mario Etsitty landed in this location months ago; renamed it RezBot and launched his own particular fusion of Native American and contemporary suburban neo-mexican culinary taste.My favorite offering is red bell pepper soup served with fry bread; second favorite is the blue corn chilaquiles; third the braised lamb shank stew. I stopped in last night to give Mario a slice of home made pecan pie I stole from an event at Parazol and found out he has a new lamb loin dish - yum!His Aqua Fresca is to die for.He also has quesadilla and burgers made from halal meat for those needing a Taco Bell or burger joint fix ... BTW he's getting real tired of people wandering in thinking this is an Indian restaurant expecting to see curries and tandoori dishes ...
**full disclosure**i only came here for drinks; not the food. a group of us walked into carly's after our holiday lunch in order to grab some drinks and get our evening started. we were greeted with a look of disgust (we werent even rowdy!) and poor service. the place was empty save 2 other people but it took about 25 min to get our 4 beers and 2 cocktails. i was kind of disappointed because i really wanted to like the place. there was great music and it really had the potential to be a great hangout spot in the future.we left after we finished our 1 drink. sorry; Carly's. you really missed the mark.
Once I discovered Mint Thai I quit Chinese food - that was 20 years ago. While the lunch special is a great deal; your best bet is to come in a large group and share a big mess family style with some dishes spicy and some not. Curries! The Gang Ped (Red Curry) is bold and straightforward while the Pineapple Curry (also red) is a good combination of spicy and sweet (I recommend at least 2 stars; 3+ if you can handle the heat - which is a good flavorful hot; not just brute force). Entrees: The Pad Thai is has a nice peanut flavor and is neither sticky nor chewy as at some other places. The Rama Beef is a good change up with tender beef in a peanut sauce over thin crispy noodles. Spicy Cashew is another family favorite.Lastly; the service is great and the people are extremely friendly.How good is Mint Thai? When no one in the family is available and my grandma needs a fix; she brings her cleaning lady - checkmate.
This Dollar Tree was initially difficult to find; but I finally did. It's on the south side of Thomas near 40th Street. It's actually quite well-stocked and neat for a Dollar Tree; I've been in Dollar Trees that were really messy and unorganized. This store has greeting cards; gift wrap/bags; a kitchen section; toys; home cleaning products; home decor; and a large section of food. I came for cards and gift wrap; but you could really save some money by buying things for home that cost more elsewhere. Hey; I'm definitely not above saving money OR shopping at Dollar Tree!
Convenient location; friendly staff; EXCELLENT prices. What more can you ask for? The owner hand selected me a really great pack of beers he recommended based on what I like to drink and turned me on to some new favorites. Highly appreciated I will always bring my business here.
This place is dead to me.  I've been going here for years and used to be a regular for lunch.  The service went way town hill a couple of years ago so I stopped going as often but would occasionally go if I didn't have afternoon meetings.  Not anymore.  The service just isn't slow it's terrible.  I walked out after 20 minutes of no service today; the place was only half full and one of the waitresses was prioritizing bussing a table instead of taking care of guests.  Too bad; the food is actually decent.
I've been regularly eating at George & Son's for years now. I'd say I'm knowledgeable about their food; and let me tell you; it's pretty damn amazing. The staff is friendly (although a few of them are difficult to understand); and although the place is frequently packed; the service is still pretty good.Some of the best dishes here are the General Yang's Chicken with the green beans and white rice and; of course; the all-inclusive lunchtime buffet. Also; if you order an appetizer; Do Not pass up the Pu Pu Platter.
This place will leave you unphogettable; whether it be good or bad.I have visited this place 4 times now.First trip: with my wife and daughter.Food was good; egg rolls good; then main course. It took 20 minutes for then to bring us 1 pho (for my wife); and 1 rice vermicelli with pork (only dish I ever eat).My dish was good; and seemed like the portion was big; until my pork disappeared and the only thing left was lettuce. I think they included a small head of lettuce; little bit of noodles; and a tiny amount of meat.Second trip: by myself since my wife delivered our second baby girl; and I wanted to surprise her with comfort food.Ordered a chicken Pho; and kids chicken Pho (for my daughter) to go.Server girl tells me that they do not make kids pho to go. Now I'm mad; but don't want to make a scene. I ask if I can get a side of noodles to go; in which she says yes. I ask if I can get a small side of pho soup to go; in which she says yes. Chicken? yesI'm thinking WTF is different from child's pho than what I ordered?Took my order and left no tip due to her stupidity!Third trip: with my wife; mom; and our now two daughters.Pretty much same order as first trip; but my mom ordered same as me.My wife; being Vietnamese didn't learn English until her late teens; always orders in Vietnamese (hey we are in a Vietnamese restaurant right?). I guess either the server we had didn't know Vietnamese; or was of a different nationality because no matter what my wife said; she ignored my wife and kept asking what number?Again my food (and my moms) was pretty much a whole head of lettuce; little noodles; and little meat.Fourth trip: with my wife; our two daughters; my mom; and my moms husband.Almost same order as last time; but I ordered rice vermecilli with beef; my mom and my wife order it with pork; and my step father orders pho.All of our food comes out; and again a whole head of lettuce; bla bla bla.But wait; my wife's food is not here; and the server is at the othe side of the place laughing and chatting with friends. Everyone is pretty much finished; and still no food for my wife. I go get the server and tell her that my wife didn't get her food. She comes over and tells my wife that she is not sure what happened. She goes to the kitchen; then comes back and says she forgot to order it for us; but put it in now. My wife tells her okay; please remember it needs to be Pork. A little bit later the server brings her rice vermecilli with beef.My wife tells her I ordered Pork; and I reminded you that it was pork. The server tells my wife no; you order beef. I heard you say beef.Then almost at the same time; my mom and I tell her very loudly I ORDERED BEEF; AND IT WAS OVER 30 MINUTES AGO!!!. So now the server is just standing there mumbling something; but does not offer to fix it or anything; she just keeps standing there. So my mom says she will eat the beef; and we will take the rest home and add pork to it for my wife. As I dump it into a to go box; my wife says wow; that must be a whole head of lettuce there. Finally I was not the only one to notice.My mom offered to pay; and as we were walking out; the owner says do you want me to replace meat with pork?Even though the food was descent tasting; we will never go back there again after those repeated experiences.Their horrible service deffinately makes them unphogettable; but in a bad way.
Actually pretty great Thai food in the Phoenix metro area.  Highly recommend the Siamese Basil dish; very delicious; healthy and full of flavor.  The service is always consistent and fast; can't really go wrong here...wait...you can slightly go wrong; if you order the food at a spicy '#5'; you may get eye-watering; gut-wrenching; call me back in 2 weeks hot or; on the other end of the spectrum; 'please pass the red-chile because this is barely touching my tastebuds' hot.  My recommendation; if you want to enjoy your food; order it at a #4 and add the hot stuff.
We flew into the Phoenix arport and stopped at Q to U on the way to the Grand Canyon. What a great way to start a vacation! Delicious nachos followed by pulled pork and brisket sandwiches. We tried two homemade sides - potato salad and cole slaw. Both were amazing; and cole slaw was the best I've ever had. It's really great when the appetizers; main courses and sides are all top notch. I bet the desserts are too; but I was too full to try.
I like this chain; and this location.  The food options are good; and of course you have those Harkins plastic re-fill cups.  What I am going to attempt on Yelp; is less a review of the theatre and more of a review of the movie(ies) we just saw. Because in the end; they're interchangeable right?  It's all part of the experience. Decent seats; good selection of what is out there currently; an easy line and a good price.  That's what we look for in a movie theatre.  Since we go to movies two or three times a month; why not share our thoughts of the movie we just saw as well?BTW; stop in at CafePino's afterwards.  You'll be happy you did!*********************************************************************************Denzel Washington is incredible in the movie Flight; which is a slow motion descend into darkness; which is hard to watch or for us to turn away.  His performance is as good as He Got Game or Training Day!This is a slow burn; five Yelp thumbs up!
Great dive bar.2 bars: one inside; one outside. Decent prices; strong drinks. Theres a dance floor if you feel like shakin it w/ one of the local yokels; and pool tables; if youre so inclined.Getting a drink at the inside bar can sometimes be difficult; *have patience*. Theyre working as fast as they can.
The vet gave my pet a thorough exam; and the staff was polite. The vet was courteous and competent and was able to diagnose my pet and treat him. She even followed up by phone. Their office is very homey and inviting.However; Stonecrest's rates are top dollar; and they also charge for many services that other vets usually don't charge for. They don't give you a break. For example:1.  They charge an extra  blood collection fee if you are having blood work done.2.  They charge an extra sample collection fee for a urinalysis.3.  You have to pay an exam fee when your pet gets vaccinations; even if you paid to have your pet examined a week ago!  If it wasn't for their high prices; I would recommend this practice.
Fate Brewing Company is new to the Valley; and I was excited to try their beers. I headed in and ordered a flight. The place is small; but the beer is great! Their smoked porter is one of the best beers I have had in months. Their IPA is pretty great; too. I had the chance to try some of their beers at a beer festival and they were a highlight of our time at said festival. They also have wood-fired pizza here. I have had a few different pizzas; and their pizza bread is amazing. Oh; and the dipping sauce. I have no idea what it is; but it is AMAZING! I pretty much want to take a bath in it. So good. Fate is in a great location; too. Really excited that a new brewery has opened and they are producing good beer. And how could I forget... CAKE POPS! Yes; they serve cake pops. This place just keeps getting better. If you like good pizza and great beer; check out Fate Brewing Company. You won't be disappointed. When you are there; ask if the owner is there. He's a great guy and likes talking to fellow craft beer enthusiasts. Bottoms up; people!
Shauna gives the best haircuts and highlights I've ever had.  I'm pretty low maintenance with my hair; but I always go to Shauna for my one haircut a year. It's been a while since I've color treated my hair and I'm ready for a change.  I've made an appointment and I know all I'm going to have to say is make me look like I just got back from the beach.  Perfect every time.
I've been visiting Chandler lately to see some friends. Every time I find myself wishing I could break out of the corporatist food wasteland that is the greater Phoenix area. On a lark; I searched Yelp for a recommendation on wings; and The Hungry Monk (hereafter referred to as THM) came up as a suggestion. Boy; am I glad it did. This place is absolutely fantastic.Pros:The beer selection is top notch. As a Bay Area resident I am pretty spoiled with my access to craft brews; THM has got me covered. They even had one of my favorites on tap; Black Butte Porter. SCORE.The wings were made fresh; perfectly fried; and sauced just right - not too much; not too little. The skin was crispy; the wings were huge; and the flavor was excellent. The Buffalo sauce at standard heat was just right - you know you're eating spice; but it's not pepper-spray-to-the-tonsils hot.The service was excellent. Our server; Danielle; was friendly; attentive; and prompt.A minor but very practical point: they put a roll of paper towels on the table that you might easily clean up after your wing consumption. Some people might think this is low-brow; but I disagree; I found it very convenient!There are plenty of HDTVs mounted with sundry sportsball programming to entertain the lizard brain during consumption. Perhaps my biggest pet peeve about TVs in pubs is people who mount $1000 TVs and then show stretched SD signals on them; not THM! Everything was in crisp high definition.I did not get on my knees and inspect the floor; but my general perception of the place is that it was very clean.Pricing was slightly less than I'd expect to pay at a typical brewpub; though this might be a reflection of Bay Area vs. Arizona costs.Cons:I have wracked my brain looking for something - anything - I could classify as negative or disappointing about the place. I was able to come up with one: I found the roasted garlic wing sauce to be too mild in flavor. It wasn't bad; just bland.Conclusion:I have already decided I will be visiting this place at least once on each of my trips in the future. I highly recommend THM if you're in the area and looking for a good beer with good wings.
I stopped in for a quick meeting here.  Perfect little neighborhood coffee shop.  $4 for a coffee; great pastries.  However; the regular clientele was very frightening.  I immediately discovered upon entry that ECHO must be the place where all of the hipsters in the East Valley gather when they are not out publicly complaining about everything in the world. Hipster Alert!  HIPSTER ALERT!!!
Always a treat to eat here! Great food; great ambiance and great staff.
BEWARE!!! DO NOT use your credit card here!!!!  I have had my personal & business accounts hacked now FOUR TIMES from this business.  After the initial incident last year (on 2 separate cards) I was assured security precautions were implemented & systems were updated.  My bank recently contacted me a week prior to receiving a letter from Restaurant Depot informing me that my credit information was AGAIN compromised and fraudulent use of my credit had been taking place for a MONTH prior to them notifying me. HORRRRRIBLE!!!!  I can not respect any legitimate business who composes a letter and fails to respectfully notify 'valued' customers of KNOWN illicit activity for more than 30 days.  Lesson learned; this business can not be trusted.
Cheap drinks.  Dive bar.  Jukebox.  Pool tables.  Is there anything else you need in a bar?  Oh yeah... great company.Well; when you go to Rite Inn you will most certainly have great company.  It's the kind of place where the regulars get to know one another or... at least... get drunk with each other.I met some friends here a few weeks ago for a few before heading to Fez for late night eats. In sum; if you like dive bars; you will love Rite Inn.  And; if you're like Eric R.; you might even stir up some negative feelings in another patron who has imagined you're out to get him and has decided to exact his revenge.  We have it on our list to revisit this amazingly awesome bar again soon; which now accepts credit cards.
Been to this big lots a few times; I recommend It. The pictures they have for sale are always really nice and the service has always been good. They also have some pretty good deals that just can't be beat
This place is a gem.  4.5 stars.  I have driven by many times without stopping.  It surprised me how good it was.  Very fresh and authentic; hole in the wall type of place; complete with the mix and match chairs and tables.  The menu on the wall with pictures of the entrees and hand written specials taped up all over the place.  Reminds me of the little taco shops near the border in San Diego.  I ordered the steak chimi and it was great.  The chunks of steak were very tender and flavorful and it had just the right amount of refried beans inside and was topped with a ribbon of sourcream and guac as well as fresh chopped tomato; green onion; cilantro; and cheese....all in the right amounts.  Chips were still warm from being cooked.  Only negative was I like getting salsa in a small dish; and they hand you two tubes (one red and one green....green was best I thought).  So you basically squeeze some on each chip instead of dipping.  Will definitely be going back.
Just got my haircut from Alex (the Russian guy)! One of the greatest barbers that had the privilege to cut my hair. Very precise and accurate work and offers the best customer service! If you walk into the shop make sure to sit in Alex's chair; you wont regret it!
I thought the food might be decent because of the very good Yelp Rating.My husband started with the minestrone soup. The soup was very thin and watery with a burnt taste. I note this soup didn't have any beans or pasta in it but only large pieces of falling apart over cooked vegetables.We both ordered Mediterranean Salads with Chicken. The Menu reads mixed greens but they gave us iceberg lettuce. The chicken had a nice seasoning and was a nice portion but was pounded flat and dry like chalk. The tomatoes they gave us were going bad and the artichokes were grey with old age. The roasted red peppers weren't fresh made and sweet but were full of citric acid taste. I didn't care for the dressing because it was just full of chemicals and very harsh tasting. I thought for the $12.95 price this was a very low quality salad.I noticed this place attracts a very blue collar crowd as the man seated next to me ordered two breakfast plates. I also noticed his potatoes didn't look homemade.I think the name for this restaurant might be incorrect because the sign out side reads Times Square Neighborhood Family Restaurant.Maybe they are better at Pizza?
holy cow! when you ask for medium; be careful. i'm usually pretty tolerant of food heat; but my mouth was on fire! luckily i had a thai tea to help cool things off; but man...for NYE; the service was a bit slow; but the food was delicious. i ordered the drunken noodles and loved every savory; hot bite. the wife had the ginger fish and it was tasty as well. there are plenty of options on the menu so even the ficklest veggie will be pleased with all the tofu options they offer. our waters were kept full the entire meal. our dinner companions ordered the masaman curry and i loved the creamy; coconuty richness. prices are very reasonable and they also offer take-out.
If you are a hipster yet crave the modern trend of DIY frozen yogurt this might be for you.So its a Saturday night you have you skinny jeans on; ironic T shirt; black rimed glasses and your fixie but alas you are not 21! and the bars won't let you in! and you lack the obligatory mac book to bet let in to the coffee shops; what are you to do?  This is where Twirl comes in.  Retro wood paneled walls a 50's era wood grain tv; laid back chairs and a couch. Oh yes they have frozen yogurt too; it is nothing special; not bad but can there be great frozen yogurt? The mix ins are standard fair and the check out will be a shock as the price per ounce is high.   They key is to nurse your toppings while you hang out and look hip.
Yes the decor is dated but clean and comfortable. The staff there in the evening are nice and attentive. And after having tried every pizza place in town; I would rate this as the best pizza in Casa Grande hands down.
I have ordered flowers 2X from Rachel and both times I have been 100% pleased with the results. Rachel listened to exactly what I wanted and didn't try to upsell me on a more expensive bouquet. She makes the ordering process easy over the phone; and I always feel confidant she will deliver a beautiful arrangement. Both times I needed them for delivery and they were always delivered on time or ahead of schedule.Highly Recommended!!!
Something has held me back from scheduling a haircut or color at Sanity Salon and Day Spa; even though it is just five minutes from my house. I'm there monthly for fabulous nail care from Nails By Harmony; who schedules her own appointments on Schedulicity.com. But hair? Nah. That is until today; after a heavenly pedicure; when I realized my air dried do needed serious jacking. Lucky for me; one of the stylists has able to squeeze me in for a quick blowout. Well; not really. Yes; she blew it out and yes; she gave it volume. But I did not leave happy. Why?Despite my asking her to get my hair off my face; and then personally moving the heavy bangs she combed down onto my forehead; she insisted on pushing them onto my face because you need softening.Um; am I that gristly?The killer was when she told me in a rather knowing tone you color your own hair; don't you? Um; no. No I do not. And when I told her I have it professionally colored; she said REALLY?First you insult my face; then you stab my hair; and simultaneously poke my fancy hairdresser in the eye. Gosh; lady; you think that will bring me back?That would be a big fat no. Yes; this salon is clean and convenient; and yes; I have seen others leave with excellent hair. But if you can't manage a insult-free blowout; well; I will happily drive another 10 minutes.
I stopped going to this location a few years ago after waiting 45 minutes in an empty dining room for a pizza.  I recently went bac after hearing there was new management. In my opinion things are worse.  There is a manager with reddish hair and a real red face (as if he was high on something) yelling at the servers very loudly .. and very unprofessionally.  Then the server came over to my table and he had a huge bump on his cheek.  Very unnerving. I ordered their Italian Beef Hero and a Pepsi.  Once again I waited too long for my sandwich.  When it came; it looked like they put  2 shaved slices of beef on the sandwich; this was not a hero roll; yet it costs nearly $9.00 with tax.. After I paid for my meal and was leaving; a very tall and big man wearing a NYPD pizza tee shirt walked by me smelling like a cross between cigarettes and marijuana. I don't think I'll be going back there again.  Forget the quality of the food; the employees are scary enough.
A Whole Foods that is actually affordable? Sign my organic ass up!While the quality of the food can't rival WF's offering; Sprouts will certainly satisfy your healthy; organic and culture-curious cravings. Some successes:- Mint chocolate almonds- Chili dried mangoes- Labneh (sour yogurt) and hummus; two middle eastern staplesI have to note though that the Deli is kinda meh. It's a good deal; don't get me wrong; but I found my turkey avocado on wheat rather bland and uninspiring. Oops. Guess I'll grab a bunch of that granola and be on my way now...
Yes; agreed; it is a chain restaurant.  However; it is convenient and the food is not bad.  I must say the servers must be challenged by the crowd that flocks in; especially during the weekend.  I have never seen a server just hanging around; they are always moving.  Ok; occasionally they may make a mistake; so what?  Who hasn't?  I love the patio; eating outdoors has a special feel to me.  I have been a goer of IHOP for many years.  I hope it i s around for a long time to come.
Very beautiful smallish theater. I enjoyed watching circus americana here and seeing there artwork. The boyfriend was not too impressed with the acoustics but I enjoyed seeing all that was capable with the space including use of large trampolines; spanish ropes; and swinging from the upper balcony.
Great atmosphere; knowledgeable wait staff;  delicious food; and oh my goodness...the pumpkin bread pudding is amazing!!!
Pricey...  Ribeye was good.  Filet was excellent.  Decor is crazy cool (think Dean Martin).  Love that you walk through the kitchen as the entrance.  I just do not think it was worth the price.  4 glasses of wine (7.00 each)...2 steaks...no dessert or apps...shouldn't be $135.00.I am sure I am in the minority with 3 stars.
Little dingy inside; but the food was tasty. Not the best chinese food I've had; but the best I've had in Phoenix thus far.
This place is primarily for hotel guests without transportation; and the food; unfortunately; is mediocre at best. Such potential too; great service; a gorgeous space; but the menu choices are lacking imagination although the presentation is excellent. But I go to a restaurant for the FOOD; and even their signature meatloaf was over-cooked and dry; the brisket special was very tough and thick and very fatty and also over-cooked. We had the chicken meatball appetizer which was the best thing we had; and the desserts were also excellent. Too bad the chef-de-cuisine doesn't know how to cook meat. A great place if you're stuck at a hotel; but there are MUCH better places close-by in the Biltmore fashion park.
Cool store! One of the coolest antique/ fun stuff for your house stores I have ever been to. Picked up some mod lamps at a bargain price as well as some sweet furniture. If you are looking for unique retro/vintage items for your house definitely check it out!
I signed up for the 2 week unlimited classes for first times students for $25 having never done any type of yoga before in my life.  I have no other yoga studio of any type to compare it to.It was hot; it's supposed to be hot.It was kind of difficult.  For a class to be for all skill levels; some of the posititions just couldn't be done fully; which I understand.  However some of the instructors are better with helping out when you are doing something wrong.  Not sure if it's for lack of noticing or for lack of caring.In the end I just didn't think it was worth the money to continue.  $25 for the first 2 weeks unlimited turns into $150 for 30 days unlimited.
Food:1. clean; decent quantity; varietyTaste:1. good enoughService:1. good service2. forgot to provide wasabi for table; come on!Overall:I know of no sushi place except this one which forgets wasabi and ginger for its guests.
Brilliant ambience and avocado egg roll is delicious
If you accept the fact that this restaurant is extremely high end for steak houses (price-wise) then you can just sit back and enjoy the experience because the food here is fantastic.Service is also wonderful but the food here is simply awesome. I had the 12oz filet mignon and asked for medium rare to rare (to which the waitress advised me they have a medium rare plus or something like that which is what I want) and it was beautiful how perfectly this was cooked. My mouth is watering just thinking about it!!!!!!!For sides we had several including the potatoes au gratin and cauliflower au gratin (I actually preferred the cauliflower) but both were fantastic.
A great place to stay and play golf. The golf course is ideal place for golfer. Had a problem with being double billed in the restaurant and called a few days later; and the problem was solved the same day. I would recommend this resort to anyone planning to stay in the Phoenix area.
When on business in Phoenix during the hot summers; I often stay in resorts so I don't have to leave the grounds to find food or entertainment.  This resort was a great choice and supported both objectives.The room was cozy and easy to access.  Staff was courteous and helpful with luggage.  The pool I saw looked awesome (I wish I had time to jump in).  Restaurant options were superb-- BLT steak's complimentary popover brings back epicurean fantasies frequently.    Overall; I will stay there again when I am in the area.
There's not a lot on the menu for someone who is gluten-free; vegan; or both. I'd recommend getting the fries - yum! - and the spinach/avocado salad that comes with smoked beets. Oh; and the beer -- great list which includes local and regional craft beers you may not be able to get anywhere else; let alone on tap!
Oh; Vermont Sandwich....so close to 5 stars.   My wife and I were visiting the area from Detroit and read the great reviews; so stopped for lunch on a Friday afternoon.The size of the place is surprisingly small;  but that was cool.   There are only 5-6 tables inside and another 5-6 outdoors.   The atmosphere is funky and fun and friendly.   Service was prompt and the menu selection was varied and interesting.  Prices were reasonable.   All great stuff so far.But then came the food and we gave it only 3-stars.   Certainly fresh;  but oddly bland.   I had the Long Trail.   The roast beef was good and veggies fresh;  but the horseradish mayo had no kick to it.   I also had the clam chowder (nice 1/2 sandwich and soup combo) and it too lacked kick.    I would go there again and try something else; but I certainly wished the food had matched the atmosphere.
I would first like to say I am a Starbucks addict. Even more true; I'm a caffeine addict and mother of 2 young children. I can't say that I necessarily HAVE to have Starbuck's brand coffee. I can't even say that Starbucks has the best coffee and lattes around. It's more of the little things that I have begun to love and appreciate about when I go there. First and foremost; I love it that all the baristas at my regular (most frequented) Starbucks know my name and know my drink. They are the hardest workers out there dealing with a lot of nasty Snottsdale customers and they serve my drink with a smile on their faces. Secondly; they are consistent and if they made my drink unsatisfactorily; they have always remade it and STILL with a smile on their face and a sincere apology. Lastly; they are friendly to my kids. My kids can be some of the loudest and not always as well behaved as I'd like them to be but the baristas talk to them; give them stickers and even know their name!!Occasionally; I have been to other Starbucks near my neighborhood because it's more convenient than going to my 'regular' Starbucks. I have been to the one at Pinnacle and Pima  maybe 15 or so times. Most of the baristas that work there are awesome but there is one lady that is consistently grumpy and crotchety. I wish I had a dime for every time for every time she threw out ATTITUDE and eye roll as if her day was ruined by brewing my coffee. If I did; I would definitely have a fortune to pay for my Starbucks addiction.I used to think it was just me or maybe she had a bad day but she is consistently rude. My husband; separately and unsolicited; has told me he has had the same experience with her. Why do we keep going? The answer plain and simple: My addiction is strong and this Starbucks is convenient.
Good shop; third the accolades for John; and all the others here who've helped this pistol neophyte shop there; very friendly; honest and helpful. Repeat and remaining a customer; highly recommend
This place is god awful. The people are fine until you have a problem then they are the rudest people on earth. Most boxed items have a pound of tape closing them up for good reason. They dont want you to see what is in the box. They want you to buy it and then get home and find out only half the pieces are there. When you go back and try to get them to make it right; they point out the as-is on the receipt (which you dont get until you have paid). Then they just want you out of their store. If you tell them you will dispute the charge on your CC (they take those now); they start swearing at you in english and some other unknown language and make threats. It's not a good place. Stay away and save yourself the aggravation.
I was in Phoenix for a business trip trying to find a place to eat one night I decided to do some research.  Since I was in the SW I thought about Mexican. So I found in several articles and sites as well as Yelp that Rositas had the best Chile Verde. So I  got done with work early one night so I made my way to Rositas. It has an interesting parking lot; not really near anything; more of a neighborhood or lunch place. I order the mixed plate (half red; half green chile) rice; beans; chips and salsa; and a drink for $10!!!  The red chile and the rice was very good...the green chile the best I ever had!!! Very clean; very good service.  I enjoyed it so much a few nights ago I managed to squeeze it in before I caught my flight back home...this time; all green chile dinner!!!  Attention all Phoenix visitors; its conveniently close to the airport car rental facility!!
Review based on 1 night stay on the ground floor:In town for an event at ASU; Embassy is always the first choice.PROs:+ Upon check in; they gave us complimentary internet+ Nice welcome note in room+ Suite was clean and everything in working order; furniture in good shape+ Free hot breakfast (5 Stars for staff; very friendly and attentive.  Especially appreciated the extra care they took with the little ones)+ Price for night was fair at $105.CONs:- Parking - There must have been an event last night; because it was very difficult finding a parking spot- Power outlets; could use a few more power outlets in easier to reach locations- A bit noisy on the ground floor in the front room.  Not sure if this is the norm here or because of events.  If you want quiet; I'd recommend higher floors to minimize noise from foot traffic outside.Didn't get a chance to use shuttle service or pool.  Though the pool looked like it was well maintained.  If I'm in the area in the future; I would return to this location.
Excellent service; great atmosphere and really yummy food!Last night I was lucky enough to be invited to Fleming's for dinner.  We started off the meal with cocktails suggested by our fabulous server.  She got me some sort of blueberry lemonade martini; which I highly recommend.  It tastes as good as it smells; which is fabulous.  We started off with a calamari appetizer.  It came served with peppers; which is something I'd never seen before.  It was yummy; though we ALL left the tentacles for the bin to enjoy.  Since I'm still not eating meat; I was not sure what I'd order.  I decided I could cheat and eat some fish; so I got the bbq salmon.  I also ordered a side of mushrooms; though the fish does come atop a small sliced mushroom salad.The fish was delicious and; if I were not in mixed company; I probably could have eaten both sides of mushrooms that were ordered in their entirety.  Side note: Am I the only one who makes a whole pint of sauteed mushrooms at home and eats just that for dinner sometimes?Both of my dining companions ordered the filet au poivre special and the server also split a nicely sized lobster tail for them.  What were they doing?  Watching their weight?  I love lobster and I could have eaten twin lobster tails (just sayin).  :)Our server surprised us with dessert; which was a chocolate lava cake.  I am not a big dessert fan; but I was convinced to try a bite.  It was quite rich and delicious; as lava cakes tend to be.  Overall; five stars for service; food and atmosphere.  **Another five stars for being treated to a lovely meal with amazing company.  Thanks Wes and Mike.**
I absolutely love this place!!! It saves so much time and money. And you get to eat different and delicious meals on a regular basis. There is so much variety. Everything has tasted amazing! Since everything is already prepped and portioned you don't have to go shopping for 20 different things like you normally would if you were to make one of these dishes on your own. The Thai Shrimp with Coconut Rice was so delicious! That one has been my favorite; but everything has been out of this world on flavor! I learned about this place from winning a door prize at an event I attended and I'm so glad I did. What a gem; and it was fun to make the dinners too.
I run past my Church when I run along the Canal so I thought I should review this beautiful place of worship. As a member of the Catholic and Greek Orthodox Faith; I'm very proud to attend Holy Trinity Greek Orthodox Cathedral. I always feel such a spiritual connection as soon I walk in. The greeters always make me feel at home with their welcome smiles. This Church by far has the best Members/Congregation. Xristos Anesti celebrations always bring me to the verge of joyous tears so if you're a person of Faith and want to try something different; I highly recommend their Easter Celebration services.
Whoever the manager was on Sunday 30th Dec was awful. I called to let him know that we got a pizza with things on it we did not order. His response was; we use a mix so if you order green peppers you get other peppers; and i'll bet you $1000.00 there was no tomato on your pizza; you're just saying that because you didn't like my pizza.Not acceptable. I will never go there again. We have given them many chances and I'm always disappointed. If I have the opportunity to talk to the owner I will let him know his people need to step it up...My only frustration is that we actually have tipped ungrateful people :(
Great Service. I would recomend this company to women like myself that are to busy to shop prices and just want reliable service for reasonable rates. They are not overpriced but not the cheapest either. However; they won't sell you something you do not need.
I love this place! We went last night with another couple; and we were not disappointed. We started off with the Cilantro Lime Hummus appetizer. It was really tasty; and I liked that it came with different items to dip in the hummus: tortilla chips; flatbread; olives; tomatoes; and cucumbers. I had the California Black Bean veggie burger for my meal. It was delicious. The toppings were a great combination of tastes... lettuce; tomato; cheese; and guacamole.I enjoyed a Railslide beer for my first beverage. It is a very nice winter beer. Lightly spiced; but not too dark. After that; I tried the blueberry lemonade cocktail. It was a really nice drink and not too sweet.I have always had really good service at this place. It does get very busy on Friday and Saturday nights but now that I know they take reservations; that should resolve the waiting issue. :-) Another reason I like this place is because they are dog friendly! They allow dogs anywhere on their patio; which is awesome; especially now that we are in prime patio season.
Meh.  Had the breakfast burrito; which was nothing special (eggs; bacon and cheese in a tortilla).  The pico de gallo on the side was the only thing that saved it from being totally bland.  Cute place; blah food.
It is always crowded yet I have never felt rushed. This is the only place where I have gotten a pedicure and they actually cut my toenails super short as requested; yet my nails don't ache later or cut into my skin as they grow. My last pedicure was November 27th and it still looks good! My daughter is visiting and will attempt to get in there today.
Over rated camping primitive site was a very rough dirt area charged 10.00Stayed in a equally rough area with electric and water charged 25.00 for a site I would not recommend.  No attention to area was very rough; no table and pathetic fire area.  Not worth the 25.00 charged.  Would not stay again or recommend anyone else to stay.
I have been coming here for as long as I can remember and I absolutely love this place! The chips and salsa is amazing and I love the fact that the salsa actually has a kick to it. The margaritas are always delicious and the service is always great. Whenever I have to go to Phoenix this is definitely the one place I stop by.
My husband got us a package deal for a date night. It came with a photo w/ frame of us; 12 roses; and a private booth. It was the first time either of us had been there and I loved it. The food was good. The drinks were great. And the experience was awesome. It was a bit pricey but for everything we got it was worth it.
What struck me most is the cool; relaxing design of the interior - think sky blue; cream; and shiny metal - very sociable atmosphere.  There are also unlimited samples; so you can try every individual flavor of yogurt (there are 12 or so; I think); and there are some REALLY good flavors; such as cake batter and eggnog.  It's an entirely DIY design; so you create your dish the way you want it until you reach the register where it is weighed.  I found the pricing to be very neat; since you pay by the ounce; therefore; you essentially pay for however much yogurt and toppings you choose!The location is a bit hidden though; since it is around the corner from a wholesale store (Fry's I think?); but this is not enough to knock off a star.This place is FANTASTIC.  When will we have one in SE Michigan?  I can hardly wait.
This location is horrible!  The Grind off of Camelback is a much better experience.  Quality of food AND customer service.  We will never go back!
Jan is a liar and doesnt have any business being an owner! spent 30k with this company and expected everything to be done correctly and in return i get nothing done correctly and spit in my eye! Never in my life have i been so disrespected by a shop owner! I warn everyong not to do business with this company unless you want to get ripped off and no get what your expecting! i had an issue with my tune and took it back and now when i looked at the tune it is completely screwed...my timing gets more advanced the more boost! ridiculous....if you think this is a good company you are greatly mistaken! Nothing but a rip off that doesnt have a clue...i have to completely replace everything they did to my car because it was such a poor job! To add to my problem my friend brought his zr1 in for a short shift install and that wasnt even done correctly! he had to remove it and then jan charged his a restock fee for something that was in for less than a week and installed incorrectly! The Owner; Jan; is a complete joke and doesnt know how to run a business!
I'm literally writing this review at 2:45 am from my room at Zona Suites and Resorts.  I would rather be asleep but alas; sleep will not be what I am getting tonight.  Aside from the bed feeling like a padded half pipe (can't keep from rolling into the center!) the noise that you hear inside your room is insane!  There are a group of people by the pool. They aren't being obnoxious or loud so it doesn't warrant a call to the front desk - but you can literally hear every word.  Plus half of the group is in the room above ours so every trip up and down the stairs is heard loud and clear.  I would have gladly transferred to a different room (even at 2:45am!) but I was told at check in that they were 100% full tonight and I could not get a room on the 3rd floor as I desired.  The grounds are pretty - perhaps I should go walk around since it is clear I won't be getting any sleep.
Chiller System Alert. You either get A/C (and no heat) or you get Heat (no A/C). They have to be on one or the other. That's how the old Chiller systems worked. So in December; you will not have an A/C option and by April you will not have a heat option. I lived for 4 years in a Phoenix apartment complex with this. And since I stayed at this hotel in late January; I figured it out by the 2nd day. when the A/C came out lukewarm on a 75 degree day. I like to cool off after my hot shower so I can get dressed; do makeup; use the hot blow dryer; etc. It was OK; but I thought it was misleading for the staff not to come clean when we mentioned the A/C wasn't working a couple of times.  So; especially in Feb.; March; Nov.; Ask which they are presently on.    The price was great because they had just re-opened. I don't know what they charge or how they compare now.      That said; the Location is Great! You're right on the end of 5th Avenue with all these great Scottsdale-type shops/eating that you're there for. and when you want to go to the heart of Old Town; there's a shuttle every 15 min. just 2 min. walking time away. You could walk to Old Town; but it's a hike. On a nice day; which is most; maybe you'll like it.         The pool was the most Heated pool I've ever been in! really Heated. in January. It was perfect for winter. Some places say their outdoor pool is heated and it's still really too cold to go in. Not this one. and of course; ALL the pools are heated here in August!  actually; too warm because then you want to cool off; so most people go in at night instead.        There's a laundry room you can go to by elevator if you're on a long trip. ironing board.      Oh; one more thing: I wish they would cover up or put some kind of shade up over that window over the door. The room was bright as all get out early in the AM in spite of the adequate curtains on the big main window. Good thing I brought my night time eye mask.
Wow wow wow! As my friends and I sit here and eat this delectable pizza a few things come to mind; cheesesteak and ricotta. Believe it or not I called in and asked for a large pizza and a cheesesteak; hold the bun and toss it on the pizza. We are now feasting on a little slice of heaven; a pizza covered in onions; green peppers; mushrooms and cheesesteak. All this sitting on top of cheese under a layer of ricotta cheese sauce......stop drooling; you wish you had smell a vision right now...even better call the and order this you will be hooked for life!!
9/13/12 ...Fast service & fast cook!!
Great fish and coral store. Kyle is a great guy and Very helpful. Their fish is quarantine so u know they r healthy. Bought couple of sea horses and they r doing great. Very good selection.
Sadly; there's only one thing consistently good at this place - the parmesan garlic fries (extra crispy)... the burgers are hit and miss - and that's just a shame.  Last night I tried the ghost chili sauce + jalapeno burger; and if I hadn't added bacon to it; I wouldn't have been able to finish.  Bland; flavorless; and greasy.  Just go somewhere else for a burger; for the love of cow.
I just found this great new place to have a warm soup bowl in our cold AZ winter.   I had a delicious  sourdough bread bowl and when I asked where the bread was from  I found out that they get there bread from my favorite bakery Bread Connection located in Chandler.  I will be back as this is close to my office and it is a great new place in North Chandler.  Our family will be back within a week as the menu is great!
No one appreciates Isaac Newton getting hit by an apple; until they they finish their Echo trek up and begin their descent down.    A couple of things I wish knew before hand if traveling on the Echo side.Bring a bag; or something to carry your water. Peeps say bring water; so peeps bring water bottles.  Half way up the trek; the bottle is a nuisance because you may need your hands.  People find create ways to carry their bottles to say the least.  Unless you're true mountaineer requiring constant hydration with a Camelbak; a track bag + water bottle is sufficient. Don't bother bringing a jacket; it too will be a nascence; do some jumping jacks before you head out and you'll be toasty. It is only a 4 stars because it is incredibly busy and parking is terrible.  Thankfully there's Park N hike; costing you  5 dollars.  Park at the  Town of Paradise Valley off Lincoln and Invergordon.  Its a good option for peeps not from the area; so you can get some nice local advice on trails.  Plus you can get a banana to prevent them cramps.For peeps looking for a fun date; spot; consider going up the Cholla side and parking on the street.  If one of you is not too fit; the Echo trek will be miserable for you both.  I plan to make my millions zip lining peeps from the top to the bottom.  Snapping your ankles on the downward descent could replaced with a soul crushing 2700 foot drop.  Note apparently the Echo parking will be closed after January 12ish 2013; to add  more parking.  I have no idea where to park at that time.
I've heard great things about this place and I'm so glad I finally tried it!  The patio is very nice and comfortable if you like to sit outside.  They have many choices of tequila; even a separate tequila menu.  The snapper ceviche was huge; fresh; and very yummy!!  I like that the tortilla soup was made with chicken broth; not creamy or tomato base.  I will definitely be back.
Christmas Day surprise! We asked to arrive an hour early due to a schedule change; and though the place was full; we were promptly seated with our guests. Our server;Kyle; offered & immediately brought our drink order & the holiday menu. An order of freshly baked rolls with butter was provided by the bus staff. Three orders of prime rib were all done medium rare perfectly and the au jus and horseradish were excellent. The order of salmon and the bountiful fresh family style salad was crisp and fresh. Beer & wine refills were a testament to the outstanding quality of service. My spouse and sister-in-law also enjoyed the pumpkin pie.The country band Peso Dollar added a sw feel to the faux western decor. The patrons at other tables appeared equally pleased. The scenic carpet of lights view of Phoenix added to the total experience. With management and attentiveness to detail like this; we will be back.
josh's whole grain french toastcabo skilletvery good restaurant. i'd go back the next time i'm in town.
Tried tryst for lunch on 12/28/2012. The food was ok; appetizer ordered was not submitted. It's one of those places that if I'm conveniently in the area; then I would visit otherwise would not make a special trip just for the food.
Customer service can't be beat!  My 93 year old Mom wanted cookies delivered to our 95 year old uncle who lives in AZ. He has a PO box and has to get his mail from a local friend in his area - when I explained the situation; management went way out of their way to make sure he would receive his shipment before Christmas. I can't recommend them highly enough.  If you're sending sweets - order from Urban! Uncle Mike's Christmas will be special because of their efforts! The cookies look fabulous and even though we live in PA & VA; we certainly plan on sampling all their goodies.
I had a super wonderful experience with Trish; who gave me a great pedicure and a full set. She magically turned my cracked and calloused dino feet into sparkly and soft fairy feet!! Woohoo!I always think that the experiences we share at the salon is the biggest part pf being at a salon. By the end of my appointment I felt like I had known Trish forever... I was ready to go have a sleepover at her house with all of her rescue dogs!!! I felt happy and taken care of. You walk into this salon not just as a client (for me a stranger as well) and you leave with hugs and new friends :)
I've been to AMC Esplanade three times now - well; actually I should say TWO. We live about 35 minutes away from this theater so it is considered a treat to go wth our two kids; especially since it also costs us about $100 ($45 just for the tickets). Plus it's tough to find a PG movie we all want to see since our kids are 4 years apart - one is old enough for PG-13 but one is not...While the theater itself is clean and comfortable; BEWARE of how reservations are made at this place if you are using pre-paid tickets or gift cards!!!!! We have a regular AMC theater very close to us that we visit often; so we always have either gold/silver tickets or giftcards to use. And since it was just Christmas; we attempted to go see a PG family film at the dinner theater with brand new gift cards we received. I reserved 4 FRONT ROW seats in the middle section of the theater early Saturday afternoon and prepaid for them using my credit card on Fandango - the only way to reserve seats (PS - you'll pay a fee for this service; too; unless you have a Stubs membership). I knew from a previous trip that in order to use my gift cards; I just had to bring them with me and they would refund me in cash for the seats I paid for/reserved online. Works fine - IN THEORY!We drove for 35 minutes and arrived about 10 minutes before show time with my gift cards and confirmation number for our reserved seats in hand. We stood in one of two lines and then watched the young girl at the counter pull up our reservation/seat map on a monitor facing out toward us. I told her I wanted to use my giftcards... No problem; she assured us... 10 seconds later; she points to the monitor and says we can have the last 4 seats in thes last two rows (two sets of two). I remind her that I already reserved 4 front row/middle section seats per my confirmation. Long story short; turns out that in order to use gift cards or prepaid tickts; AMC has to RELEASE your reserved seats; issue a refund; and then resell you back your seats. In the process; people without reservations in the line next to us walked right up and took our reserved-then-released-so-they-appeared-availabile seats. The  girl helping us said there was nothing she could do except put us in the last row.Of course I asked for a manager; who took about 5 minutes to get to us. He then not so politely told me we could have the seats in the back of the theater; but that was the best he could do; too. Even though we had reservations; he refused to tell the people who walked up that the seats they just picked (3 of our 4) had been reserved and that THEY had to move to the back seats. I argued for another minute with him; but by then it was too late - even if we split up and agreed to take the seats in the back row; they had been sold as well. The manager then tried to get us to go see another G-rated animated movie instead (no thanks).In all fairness; the theater is comfortable and the food is OK (nothing fancy but nothing horrible - basic bar food); and it IS nice to be served during the movie. But we won't be going back. The manager did give us free tickets to return; but we won't use them there. I could have redeemed my giftcards for the food had I known there was a chance we'd lose our reserved seats - something that AMC could have recommended we do (or at least warn us that we could potentially lose them)!. Our entire family was beyond disappointed and I thought the way the entire issue was handled was just awful. A Harkins theater is just as close to us as AMC in our little town; so my next gift card request and prepaid ticket purchases will be for Harkins instead. Such a shame that such a cool concept is so pooly managed.
I loved this place it seemed very authentic the watress was very friendly and the food is delicious plus the price is great. we had just about everything we could order on the menu and it was great. I expected to pay a big bill at the end but didnt it was well and fair priced so the watress got extra for being extra special. I would say at least try it once.
Hands down my favorite sub place...their italian sub reminds me how they make it back home (Chicago). Simple; clean ingredients ; fresh meat an cheeses and great bread. If you're complaining about wanting less oil/vinegar then speak up. I actually ask for extra. Same goes for wanting less/more of other toppings. Staff is fast and friendly and I will always choose this place before any other of given the choice.
I bought a service package from these guys in 2011 with an expiration of mid 2013.  Now in January 2013 they decide they will no longer honor them.   If they offer you a warranty how do you know if they will honor it?  Take their word for it?  They don't even honor written expiration dates on their own coupons.  This is how they treat a loyal customer of 15 years; just think how they treat new customers.
Yikes! Cold pizza when I called in the guy on the phone just acted totally confused & as if he was not responsible in the slightest. $50 of gross! Not ordering from this location ever again. Staff is clueless!
Food is always good here; service can be slow; but today was super quick.They made some mistakes; but in our favor. They were out of soup cups; so I received a bowl.  I asked for a different type of cookie; which I received; but also received a chocolate chip when my sandwich in came.They gave us an extra roll when my son asked for one; which was nice as well. My biggest complain is price!! Oh and kids meals no longer include drinks. So add $1.79 each more for a drink.
Enjoyed Happy Hour with friends last night and I had a fabulous time. I ordered one of my regular appetizers -- Trio of dipping sauces -- good stuff. I was in the mood for coffee and was told that a new pot of coffee was brewing at that moment. Coffee was yummy. Great service --- that alone is priceless. Thank you to the Staff at Ticoz. Cheers***
Was in Zona for a wedding and went on the hunt for a breakfast joint. Settled on Chompie's and was not disappointed. I had the Athens skillet which was tasty. However; it was loaded with garlic; so be forewarned if you plan on making out with some hottie after breakfast! I also tried a pumpkin bagel which was delicious with plain cream cheese. I think the pumpkin cream cheese would have been overkill. Till next time!
Absolutely beatiful hiking area. The Gateway Loop in particular is my favorite. It really takes you away from the noise of civilization and back to nature. It's not too strenuous; and definitely dog friendly. On the weekends; it does get very packed with walkers and runners alike; so be aware of your surroundings. Something very special about the trail head is the educational nature walk they have installed. There are about fifteen stops along the path with information about the plant life; animal life; weather; ecology and human interaction with and of the Sonoran Desert. Im glad I took the time to check it out because I definitely learned a lot about the desert that I hadn't known before. Highly recommended way to spend a few hours.
Wow! Scary; scary! It's a huge space with a buffet that goes on forever. Sounds like a fat girls Nirvana; right? None of the hot dishes were hot. At best they could have been called lukewarm. Some were room temperature-the sushi IS room temperature. This is bacterial breeding ground. I'm totally serious. Some of my reviews are meant to be funny-this is NOT. I'm calling the Health Department from the car.Well; I actually DID try to call the health department from the car. It was impossible.  I had to make an online complaint.Sadly; if it wasn't for the temperature issue; The flavors were good.   I feel badly for the owners  I'm not sure it's possible to make a cavernous space that's laid out like that pay.  BUT; I can't let them leave out room temperature food.  I have to say something.Maybe they should close between the lunch and dinner rush?  Or buy covers for the food?  Or TURN UP THE FOOD WARMERS!!!!!!Something needs to be done before I go back.  Because honestly; the food tasted good.  It makes me sad.
This place seems to be home to bland mexican food that isn't that well prepared.  I have gone through the drive through and it took about 15 -20 minutes to get a cold Chile Reno Burrito with crunchy chiles.  We I ate in the service was fast; but my enchiladas and the sauce really had no flavor.  They need to work on the food prep and up the spice level to get anywhere close to the other options around here.
I enjoyed this hike; and it was fine. I recommend it for younger children; or those with lower levels of mobility; or fitness. The trail was pretty crowded though; loud; with lots of dogs. Because of that; there was very little wild life of any sort. There were also  assorted bags of dog crap lying about here and there on the trail.Personally I enjoyed the hike to Sunrise Peak much more; it was less crowded and I saw more wildlife.
Service; entertainment and atmosphere was great!  We came for the chicken and were skeptical.  Heard it was the old AZ Joes...well;  it is!  So delish; juicy chicken with tasty;  crispy skin.  We will be back ...maybe as soon as tomorrow!
beautiful
Well these guys continue to give stellar service. I am renting out my condo; & they do all the maintenance through my property manager. They have quickly fixed the issues that have come up & for excellent prices.They are good at their job & respectful. I feel so much more comfortable knowing that Ryan & Shane will take good care of my home; even when I am not around.
best casino buffet - Friday and Saturday Kobe Beef Steak and King Crab Legs
Well ...you been to one Panda Express you've been to them all.  It serves a purpose of getting a healthy plateful of fair chinese fare!   So there! :)
So you are a captive audience in an airport; beyond the security checkpoint.  This is a fast food restaurant.  A recipe for a bad experience.  Menu is pretty generic fast food.  Prices did not seem extreme.  Service was friendly.  Good choice if you crave fast food.
OUTSTANDING semi quick Very Casual not fancy Mid East/ Greek style Grill.I've been pleased with everything I tried here over the years and the Olive Tree Market & Grill is really at the TOPS for a Grill of it's kind and it's a must stop to kind of place if you are in the area.The falafels are among the best in the valley and the sauces and dips are outstanding. They bake at least one of the breads in house I think it was the pitas. The salad here is the BEST I've had at any of these kind of places by a long shot. Kabobs are delicious and I like their shawerma more than others I've tried. Portions are large and prices are low. The food has always been fresh.They sell some produce and hard to find jarred and dry items and lots of variety of bulgur including the whole grain style.The owners are exceptionally nice and sweet you are always made to feel very welcome here.A Gem in this area for sure.4.5 stars
We did enjoy our starting garlic shrimp appetizer and the Spicy Vodka hot condiment was a plus point. But pizza connoisseurs like us have tasted the finest Napoli treats and I'm sad to say that although topping wise Lamp does a truly good job to source excellent product; the one singular ingredient to create remarkable pizza missed the mark and that my friends is the pizza dough itself. Whether it likely a poor imported flour ratio or over rested dough; but whatever the case it makes for tough and hard as cardboard texture. Sorry to say we'll likely not return for this reason as well as DC Ranch pricepoints. We'll stick with our other Scottsdale fave for now.
I prefer this location over the 40th street one. The burgers are amazing and the place has a good vibe. The only downside is the parking.  They do offer valet which is a plus; but you would feel like a scumbag if you didn't tip for a free service.
I'd been looking forward to finally trying authentic fry bread for years and finally had the opportunity to do so today at The Fry Bread House. I wasn't disappointed - it was fantastic! My husband and I shared a plain Indian Taco and a Red Chili Indian Taco and my kids tried (and loved) the UFO's; which were silver-dollar sized fry breads with a side of refried beans for dipping. While it wasn't the healthiest meal; it sure was a tasty once-in-a-while treat. The fry bread was light and fluffy and not greasy at all. The red chili beef was very flavorful with a moderate amount of heat (they serve hot sauce on the side). I don't know where to get fry bread like this where I live in San Diego; so it was an extra special treat to enjoy it here in Phoenix. We will definitely be back again!
Very good; quick and cheap. The gyro salad is definitely enough to share.
Wow; this place has improved! Lately there haven't been any mix ups of credit cards or tabs and no insulting comments by the servers! I now look forward going here whenever local bands play.Improvements: bartenders; service; servers
This place seems to be a Valley staple; so I had to try it despite some poor reviews. My experience was pretty good. Ordered two sandwich combos at $9.89 each. Usually don't comment on beverages; but the rare presence of Big Red in the soda machine was one I took advantage of right off the bat. Moving on to the side dishes; the macaroni and cheese was just average; a bit gummy; but the potato salad had large chunks of potatoes and a nice relishy taste. Ok; now onto the main courses. The chopped chicken is just that - 95% white meat chopped onto a bun. So; in this case the BBQ sauce better be good or else it will be one dry sandwich and luckily this sauce was tasty; kind of a thicker red vinegar style; but still a good taste and it gets soaked up fast. The Brisket was another huge sandwich; almost needing a knife and fork as meat spills everywhere (a good thing). This was shredded or chopped style brisket and I even found a few burnt ends buried amongst the meat. Hardly any fat and once again and that sauce made an appearance and completed the brisket very nicely. Place was pretty empty at 6:30pm on a weekday; just the way I like it.
Yesterday I stopped in for a drink after a long morning of Christmas shopping and wasn't really sure what to order so I asked the barista for a recommendation (no one was behind me in line so I didn't think it was a big deal). I can get my usual Americano or latte anywhere so I figured I'd try something different. So I get my drink and sit down and not ten minutes later; the barista was complaining about me to one of her friends who stopped into the store (apparently that barista can't stand when people don't know what they want). I've only been to Coffee Bean a couple times since I'm from Minnesota and I'm still learning the menu. Sorry for bothering you! I promise it won't happen again since I won't be returning.
I'm a big fan of whiskey and bourbon; so there was a natural affinity toward Old Town Whiskey. Once I realized that Iron Chef Jose Garces is the owner; that was all the motivation I need. Oh; and catching up with friends who moved to Scottsdale.One of the most endearing parts of the place is that you're not cramped next to 100 other diners. It's a small establishment and doesn't really make its presence known to the public; making it an easy get-in; get-out.John was awesome - he really knew everything that was behind the bar. He was tripping over himself trying to make you feel welcome.Three of us shared: pork belly BLT; seasoned pickle; duck fat fries; tater tots; and a BBQ sandwich. The BLT was excellent; albeit a little on the small side. Tater tots were free after checking in with Yelp (always a positive); and were the best tots I've ever had. The duck fat fries were amazing as well.The only negative of the night was that besides John; the other servers were a little on the cold and disinterested side. All in all; it's definitely worth your while to check out!
Good parking; great location and quick service were the highlight of this Paradise Bakery location. The ambiance isn't as nice as many Paradise Bakery locations. However; there's free wifi and breakfast is definitely their best meal.Stay away from the oatmeal as the egg dishes are better. I really miss the OJ they had when everything was fresh v out of a bottle. Good place to eat; if you are in a hurry.
I used to hate studying; but one must study the massive menu before placing an order.There are 2 Menus in one. Dishes that start with an A are the gringo dishes; Kung pow xxx mu shu vegetables etc. Then there dishes that start with a C; this means a dish unaltered from china. In come cases this means unusual ingredients like pork kidney; or just copious amounts of peppers as with the seczuan dishes. Being veg it took a bit of time to tease out dishes that were meat free and still had flavor but we managed a decent array; however I really want to go back and try some of the more exotic dishes and see if they can be made meat free. While the food is good; they may have a bit less service than the number of tables need so don't expect white glove service. But at these prices $6-8 for most dishes who cares.
I've been going to this location off and on for a couple of years now; typically for lunch with friends; colleagues or family; and it's never really disappointed me. I'm a huge fan of their tomato soup; greasy though it might be sometimes; it is nonetheless delicious and I always have to have it. My only gripe is that their idea of a 'bowl' of soup is basically a coffee mug; not an actual bowl. If you're hungry; make sure you order the bowl or you'll probably only get about a shot glass worth from the 'cup' version. For the lunch specials; my favorite has long been the chicken fettuccine; which has always been good; although I must admit I've had mixed experience with the pulled pork sandwich and the blonde shrimp; both a tying for a close second. Both the pork and the shrimp I've gotten in bad form a few times; not wretch inducing or anything; but it's definitely been sub-par from time to time (tough pork; badly battered shrimp; etc.). I've always gotten a sincere apology when things go awry and offers to make it right; but I have to hand it to them that there's never been an issue with the pasta or the chicken therein; so I keep my fingers crossed and stick with that these days.  If I'm not in the mood for pasta; my new second favorite is to go with their BBQ chicken pizza; another item that they've managed to be very consistent with. Probably not the best pizza out there; but for the money; it's certainly par for the course. Service is typically pretty good; but if they're packed for lunch; you can generally expect the drink service to fall off the radar. This has been a consistent theme; regardless of who our server is; but it's hard to blame them when the place is packed. They definitely fill up quick around lunch time; so get there early if you want brisk service! On the whole; I've no issues going back to this place. I haven't gotten any serious complaints from anyone I've taken here; whether they're friends; coworkers or visiting family members; so that says a lot. I'll definitely be going back.
I've noticed that the Pita Junge has been advertising on Yelp.  I've always had the attitude that if a business cares what others are saying about it online then it is worth checking out.  The wife and I ate at the one in Scottsdale.  They have a nice patio area which is where we chose to eat. The place was packed on a Saturday afternoon; that's usually a good sign.  Our server recommended a shawarma dish and I opted for one of their specials with grilled chicken over linguine.  Both were really good.  We also had a couple of pitas with a trifecta (3) of delicious humus.  We probably ordered too much food but it was a tasty place.Also; it seemed like the waitstaff was hired from a modeling agency.  But that may just be Scottsdale.
come here a lot for lunch or sometimes for dinner if we are in the mood for a sandwich... usually it doesnt take long to get your food (i get it togo most of the time) but there are times where i have waited way to long for my food and is not even a lunch time rush. i really think they work harder and faster only during the rush. Went there a 2 weeks ago for a gift card for my boss and i decided to get a sandwich and salad while i finished my christmas shopping. it was not packed at all and it looked like all the employees were 16 years old and training. it took over 15 minutes to get my to go food and all i ordered was half sandwich and salad and a kids mac & cheese. it wasn't even packed and i was waiting right by the counter the whole time. most of the time its fast but this was just horrible
Green Chili Burger.....my fav fast food burger joint!
I recently started working in an office building next to the Ladybug Cafe office. A few of my coworkers would occasionally eat at the cafe; so I tried it one day and fell in love. The owners are always very friendly and helpful and the menu is fairly diverse for a small office cafe.  There are several healthy and very tasty food options. I usually grab lunch there once a week. I tried the vegetable soup last week and it's pretty much the best vegetable soup I've ever had. A little bit spicy with a wide range of vegetables. I also always grab the fresh vegetables in the fridge to add as a side to my lunch.  If you're in the area; I suggest trying it. It's kind of out of the way; but I think it's better that way. Kind of like a hidden gem.
Breakfast Burrito and lots of extra hot sauce. Yum!!!
hands down the best gelato shop in az.  love gelato?  come here and experience the goodness.
I LOVE THIS PLACE !!!! I am more than a lil picky! The pizza is every bit as good as  Pizzeria Biancos  without the long wait ! The crust is superb; fresh herbs ; and in house made  sausgage.The quality of the food is  superb and the prices are more than fair  !  Service and atmostphere is warm and inviting !
Meh; not so good. The place was clean and the service was good but the food not so much. I had the corned beef hash. It was fresh but it had huge pieces of corned beef and not hashy enough for me. The potatoes in the hash were crunchy not cooked enough. My husband had a Belgian waffle and sausage links. The links were cooked through but the texture was soft and mushy it felt like eating raw pork. My aunt had 1/2 sandwich and chicken noodle soup she said it wasn't anything special. Plus neither my aunt or husband like strong coffee and that is all they offer. You can't please everyone but that's why there is Yelp.
Went here with a friend a few months ago when I was in Arizona for a conference.Was probably not the location I should have met him at. Why? Well; I was very definitely the oldest person in the place. He's more than 15 years my junior and was probably the second oldest. Coffee was very well done. If I lived in Arizona; I'd find and check out heir other locations.Service was better than average but not superb.Noise level was off the wall. We could barely hear each other.
Oh sodium... how I love to hate you...On a recommendation from a friend who lives in the area we went. My wife and I love Thai food but I try to limit the frequency to avoid over eating. Michael; our server; was incredible and made us feel like guests of honor. The decor is unlike any other Asian place - there was attention to detail and very clean.The Tottie rolls are a must get and quite filling. We also got the string beans; well cooked I must say; the Panang curry; and the Pad Pra Kow beef. All of is was really good.I highly recommend this place and for those who are sensitive to sodium; stay away from the curry dishes.
I little bit of Montego Bay in the middle of downtown Phoenix.  What a pleasant surprise to walk into this oasis of reggae and Caribbean food. The atmosphere and vibe at the bar are relaxed and tropical.  The decor matches the theme with distressed woods and bright colors. All that's missing is a whiff of ganja and you'd be in Jamaica. I ate in the bar area but the menu comes from Breadfruit; the adjoining restaurant.  I enjoyed the food.  I had the jerk prawn avocado salad and boy was it spicy!  The menu indicates heat so be aware they aren't kidding. The salad was huge with lots of avocado and prawns.  This could be a meal for most people.  I also had the Jerk chicken and it was well prepared and also spicy.  The sides were colorful; a cabbage/pineapple slaw.  I had a few glasses of local wine by the glass at happy hour prices and enjoyed it.  Who knew Arizona made wine? The bartender was friendly and attentive and the crowd eating at the bar was chatty and friendly as well. I will definitely go back the next time I am in the area. I'll pack my Bob Marley T-shirt so I can blend in.
Their Jalapena & Carmel Kettle Corn is off the charts. Catch Diana for the best service in Scottsdale. Make the effort to find them on the third floor; by Nordstrom's. More locations around the Valley will be opening in 2013. A FUN; TASTY afternoon treat !!
Booked this hotel based on location and indoor pool.  Very few hotels in the Phx area have indoor pools.  My daughter loves to swim and with our visit being over the winter and the avg temp 55 degrees; indoor pool was a priority.Kendall; the assistant manager greeted us at check-in and took care of the process.  Kendall was the best part of our visit.  He was polite; personable; sincere; knowledgeable and helpful.  He noticed that 2 of our 5 nights were booked at a higher rate and without us asking; he lowered the rate to match the other night's lower rates( saving us $60 )!  I asked for directions to our family's residence and he immediately printed door to door directions.Once we left check-in; our stay turned sour.  We immediately noticed trash on the grounds leading to the front entrance; smeary front door glass and sticky elevator buttons.  At first glance; our 2-room suite seemed clean; but keep in mind we had been traveling for 12 hours and were weary.  Kendall had to.d us about the kick-back happy hour/snack happening as we arrived.  We took the dirty elevator down to this complimentary feature; but quickly lost our appetite as we witnessed more debris filled floors; sticky; dirty soda ;chime and a buffet area in need of great attention.  The pasta dish was dried up with marinara bone-dry penne noodles.  The tortilla chips were stale and the utensils we handled were sticky; greasy and/or dirty.  It appeared there was just one person manning this area; serving as food preparer; bartender and everything in between.  Cleanliness was not a priority.I did not sleep well because I kept feeling a gritty feeling in the bed sheets.  I finally removed the bedding and used my clothes as blankets.  Once I entered the shower; I saw hair along the floor of the tub that was not mine.I reluctantly visited the morning breakfast which was also included with the room.  My expectations were low and I did not eat a thing because of the lack of cleanliness and sanitation.  More of the same from the night before; but also filthy table tops and the same debris and more on the floors;  the TRASH receptacle had a swing door you push to dispense your personal trash and it was covered with dried gravy.  Just gross!My daughter wanted to swim after breakfast.  The pool area seemed cleaner than the rest of the hotel and ;y only complaint for the pool area would be the unsafe tile floor surrounding the pool.  In the 30 minutes my daughter swam; I witness 3 separate people fall on the slick flooring.  If you think it's because they were kids running; you are wrong.  2 were adults; and one toddler.  The toddler actually  fell backwards and hit her head on the hard surface.  On my way out for the day I stopped by the front desk to complain.  Kendall was working again.  He had been so courteous from the night before I almost hesitated to complain; but I did.  He listened intently and reassured me housekeeping would take extra care while cleaning my room and would address the other cleanliness issues.  He also apologized.As I left the hotel that morning; I saw Kendall at the front desk and I complained to him.  He listed intently; apologized and said he would make sure housekeeping
The beans and rice here are like crack. So addicting; so amazing. I'm actually pretty curious what they put it in; but it's probably best not to know.I always get the same thing; a burro with beans; rice and potatoes. It's not on the menu; but it's always really tasty and lasts for two meals.I've also tried the cheese enchiladas; which are really good as well; but a little rich and oily for my taste.This is always on my must-eat list whenever I'm in AZ!
I enjoy eating at Firebirds and take advantage of wine down Monday's often. Half price wine by the glass or bottle on some very nice wines. The bar staff is always friendly and always on top of things. The manager of this location; Tammy is a great person who runs this restaurant extremely well. There are a lot of places to dine in the area but this place stands out and I would highly recommend it.
Lets face it; not all CrossFit gyms are created equal and not all head coaches are created equal.  The team at CF480 is the best of the best and more importantly they care about their gym members and the community in the gym is a reflection of that.  There are a ton of CrossFit gyms to choose from in North Scottsdale; but CrossFit 480 is the the obvious choice!  Check them out for yourself and you'll see exactly what I am talking about.
I like this place! When I was growing up; my Mother and Grandmother; were determined to put weight on me with their hamburgers.  There'd usually be a 1/2 pound of meat covered with the freshest condiments you might ask for.  Having come from a dairy ranch where they got the freshest beef you could ask for;  any beef they bought had to be up to their standards.  I ate well when we had hamburgers.My mushroom with swiss burger was the first I have had in a long  time that brought back those child hood memories.  The Burger itself is really to big for two hands to hold and I have large hands.  So the bottom bun got soggy.  The beef was fresh enough for it to get that way as you bite into the beef and tastes good in the process!My friend had a burger with bacon on it.  They have eight kinds of bacon to choose from.  She had sugar cured and it was thick cut and yummy.I am going to go out on a limb and say I think the Oink has the best burgers in Phoenix!
Very nice atmosphere with exceptional service.The wait that evening was for thirty minutes where we had time to hang out in the middle of Christmas shopping.  The cozy patio outside was so inviting that we decided to eat at the al fresco bar instead.  I wish I could remember the name of our cute little bartender; she was so sweet!  While the wine list wasn't extensive; the varietals were wonderfully chosen.  Hubby went for the Malbec and I; a Rosé.  The bruschetta seemed like a good pairing for our wines.  It was disappointing when it finally came out.  I could honestly have made this; or better; at home.  Costco goat cheese atop what seems to be pancetta; but tasted like liverwurst; was my least favorite.  The rest are equally dreadful with the chewy day old supermarket french bread as a foundation for non exciting ingredients.  The tomato bisque saved the night.  It was light and tart; with just a hint of cream to warm your soul.  It was more a 3.5 stars rounded up to 4 starts for being local and a potential for being great.  We will be back to try the other offerings; because the atmosphere is just that cool.
I really wanted to like this place as I've been looking for an Irish Bar around Scottsdale that reminds me of Nine Irish on Purdue's campus. A large group of us went here on a weekday for happy hour. I made a reservation the day before but they got the date wrong. Good thing they called to confirm the day of the actual event so I could let them know that we were coming in that night. They had a lot of other large groups and luckily they were able to squeeze us in.We ordered the garlic fries; wings; pizza; and pork sliders. The food was ok; nothing special. The service was pretty slow too. Since we sat next to the area where extra plates; silverware; etc. were served; we just helped ourselves. The atmosphere was pretty cool though and very much like an Irish pub. They had live music that night but the artist wasn't very good and the music was very loud so it was hard to make conversation with the person sitting right next to you. I'm pretty sure there's no smoking inside but for some reason it smelled like cigarette smoke. I didn't see anyone smoking so I'm not sure where it was coming from as no one at our table smoked.Overall; it was just a-ok.
I went for the first time last week. The service is awesome! They were right on top of water and coffee refills; and the waitress couldn't have been friendlier. I had the bacon and eggs; hash browns and multi grain toast.  Tasted great; with good portions. I'll be back!
Great food; the only draw back is the place is too dark very hard to read the menu...
Although different than the traditional coffee shop; cartel; is arguably the best coffee shop downtown. They take more time making each cup; and thus the quality is increased but the wait is also increased. I would wager that as cartel grows in popularity the wait will become unbearable; much like Matt's big (slow) breakfast.
Love me some $5 burgers. And the wine selection is great
Excellent crust; quality ingredients; nice beer selection; and the pizza is always cooked perfectly.
Very quaint and romantic restaurant. The food is always innovative and always delicious! I love going in the Summer when they have 3-course prix-fix menus.
People who routinely make healthy lifestyle choices eat here.I don't make healthy lifestyle choices; but I figure if I hang out in places where there are people that do; their shit might rub off on me.I call this health by association.TFK has a good beer offering with an organic porter that tastes heavenly. I washed it down with a bowl of seafood caldo. The soup was also delicious; with nice chunks of shrimp and sea bass swimming around in it.Five stars for the soup; beer and my attentive server.Minus two stars for the cute little hostess; who upon seeing me was quick to conclude I wouldn't even qualify as butt-acne on Jennifer Grey's ass and promptly whisked me into a corner booth.Yes; they put baby's butt-acne double in the corner. What a little biatch.
Great staff; consistent; quality; close to starbucks and next door to nothing bundt cakes. So you can splurge on lunch; get desert;  and finsh off with a nice drinky poo.
I've only been here twice; and both times were to see Next to Normal (which was excellent; but that's a totally different review that belongs on a totally different site) this past October. And I'm not going to lie and say OH! There's no such thing as a bad seat here! because honestly? That isn't true. If you sit on the extreme left or the extreme right; your sight lines won't be the best. The best thing they have going for them would definitely be the $10 student rush tickets. So; yeah; you're stuck up in the nosebleeds; which kind of sucks. But it's better than nothing and is great for the theater goer on a shoestring budget. Add in the $3 parking validation for across the street; and I (and my wallet) am smitten.
I was totally new to the ecig world; and the owners of Butt Out went to great lengths to make sure I had the right equipment and knew exactly how to use it. The environment of the shop is very inviting and they always encourage you to hang out. I haven't had any experience with other ecig stores; but it's not hard to see that these guys are doing it right and really care about the customers.
I couldn't believe how great this location was.  Having been to a few of the Cartel locations in other places in the city as well as having their espresso as guest coffees at other cafes around the country; I never imagined I would get a great shot at an airport; no matter what the brand name on the sign. But boy oh boy was I wrong.  This place had great service; an innovative customer service set up; and fantastic baristas that performed as well as their other locations.  I couldn't have been more surprised.  This was an absolutely fantastic thing to have in an airport; and it makes me want to connect through Phoenix on Southwest (they are in the southwest terminal) if i absolutely HAVE to connect.A hidden gem.
Is California Cool a brand? I think so; and I think In-N-Out personifies it better than any store in the mall selling overpriced clothing in Euro sizes.Fresh ingredients including never frozen beef; and fries that are made after you order them. Pretty cheap pricing. Friendly service. Spotlessly clean. A secret menu adding intrigue to the ordinary.So; what happens if you ask for your burger Gangnam Style?
4 stars...are you people kidding me? Me thinks I cannot trust yelp any longer.
Okay I only gone once since I was out in the Sun Lakes area and there is not many options for Mexican (That I  can see. No Taco Bell is not real Mexican food folks). It was okay. The portions are generous and the place inside looks clean. Drive through service was prompt and courteous as well as FAST. Ordered a tostada and enchilada by drive thru.  Beans were a little bland for me but the taco sauce that I added helped. Maybe its because its in a well ''Senior Community'' they cater to people who cannot take spice? *Shrugs* Will give it another go because I prefer to support smaller business over the big chains. Nice but as someone who hails from S Ca Ive had better.
Pretty good Pho. Atmosphere was nice reminded me of home. (CA) If you are looking to get some Pho on a sunday morning after a night of drinking I would recommend this place. But if you are like most yelpers who seem to be looking for a 5 star wine and dine place I suggest you go elsewhere. This place is cool tho.
Great local trendy hot spot! Great food; Great Staff & Great Vibe. Very imaginative menu using fresh ingredients! Parking is limited to valet; but not a big issue. The valet guys are great...Quick; courtious & efficient.
Normally I am all about Chilis; but tonight when I went in to grab a bite to eat before a movie I experience the worst service EVER! It took several minutes after sitting in the bar for a waiter to come take my drink order. After that it took several more minutes for them to actually bring out my iced tea. When I finally got my iced tea; it tasted like it had been sitting for hours. I requested a Dr. Pepper instead; I didn't complain about it I simply just asked for a new drink; which they provided. After ordering two happy hour items; (half order of chicken wings; and the new pretzel bread sticks) I was not visited by another waiter/waitress for awhile. The waiting staff focused on the customers at the bar or the larger parties as I was ignored. When my food came out; the chicken wings tasted great; but the cheese that came with the pretzel bread sticks was a dark orange. When I attempted to dip a pretzel stick into the cheese; the hard film that had formed on the top of the cheese prevented me from getting some. I stirred the cheese around with my fork to mix it together but the entire cup of cheese was clumpy. After several minutes had passed; a waiter finally walked by my table to let me know he was going to refill my drink; which had been empty for quite some time. I asked the waiter if he could get me new cheese. The person who I thought was my waiter turned out to be the bartender. The bartender started making drinks and completely forgot about my cheese. About 5-7 minutes later a person who looked to be the manager; walked up with a new cup of cheese. The manager just dropped off the cheese and left. When I looked at the cheese; it had the same color and consistency of my previous cheese cup. I cant believe a manager would actually serve food that was discolored. A few minutes had passed before the bartender walked passed my table. I flagged him down and asked him if the cheese was supposed to look how it did. The bartender said it looks as if the cheese had been sitting for awhile and he would go make a new batch. The bartender said it would take about two minutes. As I waited for my cheese; the bartender became busy making drinks and running credit cards. Two minutes turned into 10 minutes. Finally the bartender brought my cheese out. By this time I was in such a hurry to make my movie I requested my check. I handed the bartender my debit card and told him I was in a hurry to make a movie. The bartender said he would take off the pretzel bread and went back behind the bar. He started to make drinks and started playing around with the POS before taking a call on the phone. When the bartender FINALLY ran my debit card and brought back my check; he was on the phone as he apologized for the food... I never once complained to the bartender or manager. I know the bartender has a job to make drinks on top of servicing some tables; but thats when the other waiting staff needs to pick up the slack. The manager never came over to talk about the service or food. Tonight Chili's dropped the ball on their food quality and customer service! It has made me rethink about eating at Chilis.
We were visiting the area and there are no Del Taco's in our home area.  The 39 cent taco special caught our attention.  They have them on Tuesday; Thursday and Sunday evenings.  The taco was crisp; flavorful; and tasty.  Certainly nothing exotic; but basically a good taco at a good value.  Line moved a bit slow; but they were busy.  Overall; an OK experience.
nice store
This place is great; the food is so delicious and you have to try this place;  you won't be disappointed!
We have just eaten at Secreto.  I had been there exactly one year ago in December and the food was amazing and everyone in our party was looking forward to a great meal together.   The exact same people that ate last December were also there this evening and we were all extremely disappointed.   The salsa was very bland and tasted like it had come straight from a can.   Apparently Friday is fajita night.  I ordered the shrimp fajitas - talk about disappointment!   The shrimp did not come out sizzling and the onions and peppers were very over cooked. Not only that;  the shrimp still had their tails on - could you have spent a few dollars more for the shrimp without tails?  As far as flavor; there was none - only hot.    The tortillas were dry around the edges and stale.  The beans and rice were ok but cold.  All for the price of $17.95.   Our waitress very unknowledgable and unpersonable.  Perhaps that was due to her being so young or possibly new - who knows.   The new owners have taken this amazing intimate restaurant and turned it in to a disaster of a cantina .  With horrible food and service it won't be long before they are out of business!   I know that no one from our group will be back.
I have used Tina for years starting when she was associated with Shea Animal Hospital.She has groomed my cat and does a great job!Tina definitely knows her stuff and listens to us to make sure the grooming is done correctly to our satisfaction.If you are looking for a quality groomer; you will not be disappointed with Tina.
Should have known when the place was empty on a Friday afternoon
Awesome place. Went here when I lived here with no expectations; but thought it was really well done and really cool stuff here. Be sure to go once during the day and once at night. People of all ages will like this.
Not like it used to be.  I used to come here all the time about 6 years ago.  I always got the Golden Gate Special Beef; which was a huge pile of beef in a thick red sauce; sprinkled with candy-coated walnuts.  I decided to get that again and was disappointed to find a small plate of soggy fried beef in a watery sauce with a few plain walnuts.  My dining companion had the garlic chicken and it was a little slimy.  The crab angels tasted fishy and the pot stickers were more wrapper than filling; so everything was a disappointment.  It definitely isn't as good and it's far more expensive than I remember it.  Too bad.
Awesome patio. Good New Mexican cuisine. I like that they offer local and craft beer selections.
For airport food; this is top notch!  I had a California Turkey sandwich; and not only was it massive; tasty; and justifiably healthy with all its freshness; but they gave me a chocolate chip coookie; too!!  Much; much better and more reasonable (~$8) than any other option.
I love this hike - it's a little under 4 miles roundtrip going up and down and back and forth the whole time. If you take it at a decent pace (or take it twice); you'll get a great workout and wonderful views of North Scottsdale. I've never seen it crowded but parking gets busy and at times and you may have to pass (or be passed). All the other hikers are very friendly though!
I've had great take and bake and this is an okay one.  The toppings are indeed fresh however the crust was no better than frozen or a similarly priced chain baked pizza.   Great value but an okay pizza
My one previous visit to an On the Border was two years ago to the one in Ahwatukee; & this time I ordered the same thing as before.  The price has increased by $1.99; & I didn't think the food was as good this time either.  (I could be that I have just become a harsher critic since we have some really great Mexican restaurants here in the Valley!)I was joined by Scott W. today; and ordered a Lunch Combo with a bowl of Chicken Tortilla Soup; a shredded beef hard shell taco; & a Chile Relleno.  Things started with a good-sized bowl of tostadas & two cups of ok tasting; chunky style salsa.The appetizer; soup; should have arrived first; but it didn't; even though I asked for it for it to come first; just in case.  When our server came with everything; she said; When you order a combo; the soup comes at the same time.  Uh; I have an idea.  FIX THAT!Ok; so once it came; the soup was very good; & I enjoyed it while the rest of my food got cold.  Then; the taco was of good size but not particularly flavorful; and the Chile Relleno was only ok as well.  The same went for the refried beans and Spanish Rice.  Yes; the Relleno was deep fried; an interesting twist; but there was no apparent seasoning in the breading and it was made with a smallish and not especially flavorful Anaheim Chile.This restaurant is nice inside but all in all; my experience here was just marginally ok.  I'll stop short of F... this place & the horse it rode in on!; but we have lots of other choices; especially for $10.98.     :-)
closed when they should be open on a thursday. Hours of operation in the window and no other sign indicating why it was not open when it should have been; a real shame because my boyfriend and I were from out of town and this was somewhere we wanted to check out before heading home. LAME
This was one of the best brunches I've had anywhere. The servers were very knowledgeable and eager to share their opinion on what's best on the menu. Honestly; everything looked appealing. The portions are fair; the prices even fairer; and the food all excellent. My waffle with two slices of bacon was the best waffle and best bacon I've had. Bacon was thick; not too fatty; and perfectly charred. Waffle had texture and crisp. Real maple syrup on the side :) The special chorizo; jalapeno scramble was nice and hot and spicy! Definitely coming back.
Any of you guys know of a good liquor sto.? I do. This is one of my old school drive through; even tho the drive up window is no more. When I was 19; I was a sommelier; in a way; working part time at a drive through; named Farmers Liquor. Lets see; cigarettes were under a dollar easy. The winos; I mean Wine Connoisseurs loved tokay; ripple; brass monkey and the young gals loved strawberry hill. I guess I would have loved to have taught these people the wine 'lingo' and how to look like a pro when tasting Gallo Wines; like how to crack open the cap properly while in a brown paper bag. How to swirl the wine in the bottle to increase the surface area exposure to the air; to help it evolve. How to take a mouthful of wine and swirl it around your mouth.Anyway for these guys; it all started in the 1950s; well before my time when Red 'Pops Wilkinson opened a small corner liquor store where one could buy a six-pack of beer; renew a fishing license or pick up a Styrofoam cooler. A lover of all things outdoors; Red named his establishment Sportsman's Liquors.You've come a long way Mr. Sportsman.
When this location first opened; I thought they were great.  My last few orders; however; have been sub par; and the order that was delivered last week sealed the deal - I won't be ordering from this place again.  Last week's order consisted of fries; a cheesesteak and a pizza.  The order was delivered to my home; and when I opened the bag; the fries were literally dripping in grease.  So soggy you could squeeze the oil out.  Pretty much the worst fries I've ever seen from any caliber restaurant from fast food to high end; and completely inedible.  The pizza was so-so; and it looks like they changed something; maybe the cheese?  My three year old LOVES pizza and normally devours several slices - he picked at one slice and didn't even finish it.   I too am from the East Coast; and have had Philly cheesesteaks.  The cheesesteak I was delivered was not worthy of the title.  I notice other reviewers who actually dine-in at the restaurant enjoyed their food.  Maybe they just need to pay more attention to their delivery orders; or not offer delivery if they can't meet the same quality standards.
My wife and I eat here every chance we get.  The food is excellent; service is always fast and friendly.  You can't go wrong with any of the pizza's.  We usually get the margarita with pepperoni. My wife loves the linguine with clam sauce.  I love the Rigatoni Al Forno and the four cheese ravioli. This is one of the best places on the west side for some real good Italian!!
my friend told me that Dunkin' has the best iced coffee EVER. I was in town visiting family so we went to try it. I thought it tasted very similar to the stuff they sell at McDonalds. Nothing special; that's for sure. Their donuts were nothing to write home about either; pretty dense. At least I can say i've tried it now!
Genuine italian old-style restaurant where the food as well the service lived up to my high expectations. Well worth the relatively high prices. I'll be back!
These guys are fantastic. They showed up on time; were courteous; professional and very reasonably priced. I would highly recommend this company for all of your plumbing needs.
I recently took several employees here for a team dinner.  The place is nice and big; with a huge menu!  The service was fine; not extraordinary but not in any way lacking.  The food too was OK.  Not amazing; but not bad.  The atmosphere wasn't loud; but it was lively.  Overall a nice place to go.
I'm done with this place.  We went here last year and 2 days later I got a call from my CC company that my number was compromised and I was able to narrow it down to this place.  We tried to go here last Friday but gave up after having to listen to the manager and bartender argue with a customer about his takout order.  I can't stand restaurants that argue with customers.  There are far too many burger spots popping up around town to deal with these guys.
Been here a couple times. The wait staff sort of ignores you and you almost have to scream and stand up with flash lights to get their attention. WEAK!! that or they can't hear over the noise. Anyways they definitely wont give you any time if you aren't in their section...Good stuff; um $5 burger Mondays is pretty cool.  I WOULD NOT pay their regular price for their burgers because they aren't on that caliber to be asking that much for them.The rest of their food is good. not great. Fun atmosphere except when you get kids running around and screaming like banshees. That might contribute to the annoyed wait staff; cause they have to dodge them constantly. I'd be back...but probably on a...you guessed it...a Monday.
This place is a ton of fun.  With 2 levels of booths; I've spent hours browsing though all of the stuff.  We come here every once in a while to see what's new in the booths. On my most recent visit a booth was selling some old arcade games....wanted to buy one; but the Wifey wouldn't allow it.  Something about no room in the house or some nonsense like that.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/antique-plaza-mesa?select=kQbfss6VYg1uHHiayYnwOA#kQbfss6VYg1uHHiayYnwOAhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/antique-plaza-mesa?select=fe9ygayozwmALH1k0dyexA#fe9ygayozwmALH1k0dyexAThe staff here is mostly friendly.  When they get busy; a couple of them get an attitude.  Parking is easy....there's a lot in the back of the shopping mall or you can park on the street around the corner.Overall; it's always a good time.Return Factor - 86.5%
I went here in October (sorry for the late review!). I can be a pain when it comes to my sushi order; because I don't like roe; or the california roll stuffing thats pretty standard for many different rolls.I ordered an avacado roll; cucumber roll; rainbow roll; and I asked if they had sweet potato or yam and they said they did (on the phone). We got this all take out; the service was friendly; but it was pretty busy; so not super fast; which is to be expected.I got the two veggie rolls; they did not have sweet potato at all; and the cost to make a rainbow roll would have been around $30 or more so I didn't get it. All of the roll fillings are a la carte; so the more you want; the more expensive it gets. Sadly; the rice was also so overdone it was more like a paste; and had way too much rice vinegar. I could barely eat two rolls before it was just too much for me to handle. The rolls were gigantic though. My eyes were bigger than my stomach; which sucks because sushi does not keep well. By the way; if you ever come across a place that serves sweet potato rolls; esp tempura ones; get them. They are absolutely amazing. I've only found them in Vancouver; BC.
I came here in the summer and I tried it. They start you off with Miso soup. There's a lot of different sushis there to try. :)
I tried the big kid grilled cheese with a side of tomato soup. It was delicious!
What started out as a lovely evening quickly headed south once the food arrived.Don't get me wrong. The menu blew me away. Creative dishes. Perfectly writtten descriptions of appetizers that SOUNDED like they would dance on my tongue.Nope.Not here.The food arrived and though it was good (one notch above decent) it was...Small.I ordered the salmon. All 3 ounces of it.My fiancee went with the filet which; in all of its glory might have been 4 oz.The veggies were overcooked and as with the main entree; sparce.Our drinks were only refilled once and we left wishing we had not just spent $100 on a meal that was fit for a hobbit.
Good Chinese delivery!!
I am giving them an extra star; for this being a soft opening all you people should be a little big more lenient; i have had way worse that do not deserve a 1 star rating.. so yeah..  i like that with a rice plate combination they give you a small bowl of pho with it.. very nice touch.  food is pretty good; but with that being said; i will not go back until they have some time to settle in.
Pretty good!  Coconut shrimp and sesame chicken is awesome.  Crab puffs are great too.
Clean and friendly environment. Lee did a great job on my manicure and pedicure. He was very accommodating. Reasonably priced services. I was offered a list of other services but there was no pressure.
This is a consignment store. That being said; you cannot walk in with pictures of what you want and expect them to have it. Some brides find beautiful gowns for way less than they would have spent elsewhere; and some brides find nothing. I went to this shop with my mom; MOH and MIL; and we had good fun. There was one single dress that I could even consider for myself; but it was more than twice my budget. Regardless; I found the staff to be knowledgable and very good; and was so impressed by the boutique itself. It had large fitting rooms with double access for the bride and the attendant and the entourage area was spacious and had plenty of mirrors. This is going to be hit-or-miss; so if you have a really long engagement and time to wait around; it could be worth going a few times to see what new stock is available. One of the staff also offered to contact me if they got anything new in that she thought I might like. Good experience; unimpressed with the stock this time.
Wonderful place!  We love mussels and four variations available though on two visits we had mussels with pastis both times. Salads good and dessert good. Pâté de campagne was great on one visit. Escargot great on another visit. Service good both visits which is important. We haven't tried an entree yet but those around us seemed to like theirs.
Came here as a party of 4 on Christmas Eve - we had a reservation; but the place was jammed packed so I was unsure of the wait; despite having a reservation. We checked in and were taken immediately to a table. Our server was excellent; we never had an empty class. The food was wonderful; not a long wait for it to come out and just an overall great experience. 5 stars for excellent customer service and tasty food!
I would give them 0 stars; but I don't think I can.  As I write this; their crew is doing their final work on my yard.  A simple cleanup that was scheduled for last Thursday.  Today is Friday of the week after.  And I just got off the phone with poor Paula; who is one of two people one actually speaks to in that office.  I have had a contract with Treeline for a year now.  It has just ended and will not be renewed.  I hired them when I first moved in to provide me with a nice; easy to maintain backyard  Until contracts were signed and money changed hands; all was as it should be.  Still to this day; their billing department is the one that works beautifully.  The ONLY one.It is hard to list all my complaints.  It should suffice to say that ; after almost $20;000.00 dollars spent in the yard in the past year; I have mostly dead grass; half dead plants and sporadic service; even though I pay for weekly service.Whatever you do; DO NOT spend your money on Treeline.  You will regret it at some point.
We had a family breakfast here and as expected for a Sunday morning it was packed. We waited probably over twenty minutes and I wasn't happy when I saw we were going to be sat at a table literally right behind the hostess booth where everyone walks in. Whatever. Let's just eat! I decided to try one of the special new items; some cinnamon roll type french toast that comes with eggs and meat; I ordered sausage patties and scrambled. When our drinks came our waitress didn't know which glass had sprite or water and we all had to taste what was given to us to find which was sprite. Then she messed up the order and there was an extra scrambled egg and bacon plate; but when I saw my dish it looked like they cracked an egg and split it in half then scrambled the half portion it was so small. So before she took the extra scrambled egg plate back to the kitchen to either throw away or give to another party I just asked if I could have them since my egg looked like barely anything. She did the right thing by giving into my request. It didn't matter though; because the eggs were flat and very salty. The sausage tasted odd. The only thing I enjoyed was the french toast and it was almost too sweet so I didn't finish.Since some of the family members hadn't seen each other in awhile we sat for some time after we finished eating just chatting and catching up; and a few of us noticed we were getting some rude looks from the staff and management as if to say; ok you're done get up and leave so we can get more customers in here to make us more money!Alright; we left; and we won't be back.
Carl's Junior is one of those good fast food places you don't find east of the Mississippi.One of the surprises with moving to the Valley; was discovering Carl's; Jr.  As with most fast food places; I rarely give higher than three star; because... well...  they're fast food; not Three Star Michelin cuisine.   But Carl's Jr might be the exception to my rule.  I would offer they are at least  three and half stars on most occasions we've dinned here.  We would recommend any of the burgers; but also the Chicken Strips.  They are flavorful and as good as any we've had; including the Colonel's and Popeye's.  We would also recommend the Malts and Shakes.  They use real milk and make it fresh before your eyes.  Nice!  Also; be on the lookout for coupons in your Sunday paper.  Most times there's buy one; get one free.Enjoy!
Nice place; good atmosphere. Service was really quick but business was slow;too. Food selections were interesting but a little pricey.Why does everybody make such a big deal about the cornbread? It's cornbread.
Much like the Tilted Kilt; it is an English-themed bar that's very; very American. They have a nice beer selection and that food wasn't HORRIBLE (though not noteworthy) but definitely go to Four Peaks down the street instead if you're looking for a great brewery and food experience (while supporting local business!)
They had a good selection of items going around.  We only paid 30 bucks for two of us and that is really good for sushi.   We will be back for sure.
Been going to this location for years; but in the last 2 months something has changed in the kitchen. I say that since the wait staff and bartendesr are the same and have worked there for along time.  In the last couple of months I have been served the wrong pizza; gluten free pizza that I didnt order; Dining with 4 friends; half of us got our food; the other got theirs about 10 minutes later; they said the kitchen has a new manager so orders were mixed up.  Tonight called for Italian beef sandwich to go; order taker informed me that it would 45 min because the kitchen was backed up.  Told them forget it.   Hope they get this figured as they have been great in the past.
Awesome guacamole.
I just had dinner here tonight and ordered a side of steamed vegetables for my 15 month old daughter; when our entrees came out I had to ask twice for the steamed vegetables; after several minutes the waiter came back and told me that I could have grilled zucchini or red peppers only and that the executive chef said that was all that was available and they could not do steamed vegetables. I an age where many people have dietary requirements that is never ending a simple request for steamed vegetables is refused. You can bet your bottom dollar I will never recommend this chain to anyone. I can only hope if you have allergies you are very careful at this restaurant as judging from my experience you could end up very sick or in hospital due to the non flexibility of the kitchen and chef.
Great service. Only $10 for same day pant hem!!
I had tried Gigi's in Vegas in 2010 and they were so freaking yummy. So every time we go to Vegas we would get them. In July of 2011 My fiance and I went to Vegas for what was to be our Wedding at the Chapel of bells due to some unforeseen incidents that happened Our wedding cake was not to show up :( Gigis cupcakes saved us big time with their Wedding Cake Cupcakes OMGOODNESS they were they best ever and life saving. I will always support Gigis Cupcakes. And I am so super excited that they are here in Phoenix now. instead of us trying to bring some home from the drive from Vegas we now can just share them with everyone here. We love the minis to try and share the different ones. Thank Gigis for being super good and yummy to your tummies...so much better than the competitors...
Great food; great drinks; great people. Quiet; low key; very friendly.
Quite some time ago I saw this place on Travel Channel's top 50 unique places to eat; or something like that. The idea of a fusion of Oriental and Mexican food intrigued me. knowing that I would not be going to Phoenix any time soon; I put it in the back of my mind.Ended up in Phoenix on business and needed to find a place to eat. The back of my mind reminded me of some place with Mexican/Oriental fusion. searched Yelp and came up with Chino Bandido and it was only 4 miles from my hotel.I wanted to experience as many flavors as possible so I ordered an al la cart carnitas burrito & a combination bowl with Jade chicken; chile relleno; jerk chicken fried rice and Cuban black beans. I wish I could have ordered more; but the portion sizes are too big and I would have been miserable; because I would have eaten every bite. The chile relleno was fantastic. the crispy exterior was so unique.WOW! the flavors exploded in my mouth. The food was great!The thing that impressed me more than the food was the service. If any one wants an example of  great customer service for a model for their own business after; even without eating a bite of the delicious food a visit to Chino Bandido is would be worth the trip. The staff's compensation is either based on the the satisfaction of the clientele of they are part owners; because everyone of them acted as if it was their business. It was my first visit and I did not know the menu or how to order. No problem. I was greeted by friendly staff who directed me to a line of neophytes. when it was my turn the young lady asked me  some questions and then offered bites of different menu items & explained some of the many options available for me to order. I even had to ask her to cut down the size of the samples so that I would not fill up before ordering.My only regret is not being able to go back and order some of the menu items I was unable to try.The 4 snicker-doodle cookie was a very pleasant surprise.
Fireplace; wine; cheese.  Perfect night.
This is a no-nonsense pizza delivery place.  Always relable and always good.
I'd been craving sushi for what felt like years so when a friend and I decided to grab dinner I already knew what I wanted.  We typically go to Geisha or Ra but felt like something different so we picked Pearl.  We got there around 7:00 and were able to get seated right away.We started with the Sweet Chili Sambal Edamame which was DELICIOUS!!  It's going to be tough to eat just plain old regular Edamame from this point forward.  Then for our actual sushi we ordered the Crab Daddy; the Fake and Bake and the Spicy Salmon roll.  Two of the rolls came out pretty quickly but then it took about 5-10 minutes for the third to get to us.  The Fake and Bake was definitely the winner of the three; the flavors just blended very well together and the sauces on it were great.  The Spicy Salmon was good; but as it's a pretty standard; not too exciting roll there isn't much to say about that.  I personally wouldn't order the Crab Daddy again because I felt like the asparagus in it was too tough for the delicate sushi around it; my friend liked it though so I would just call that a personal preference.One thing that I definitely loved was that my glass of water never got below half full because our server/bartender (who we later found out was actually the owner!) always made sure to fill it up once it started getting low.  I will definitely be adding Pearl to my frequented sushi locations from this point forward.
Excited I remembered that this place opened soon; I stopped in for Indian 'fast-food'.  I ordered Chole with 1/2 rice portion; 1/2 naan.  The gentleman who took my order forgot to give me my change and after I told him; he gave me my dollar back in dimes. I waited approx. 15 minutes for my 'fast-food'.  The Chole was OK; the rice was rice and the naan was great.  Like the first reviewer; I didn't think the value was that great.  I'm no pig but even I could've had more.  When I go back I'll have to get the big plate (full serving of rice & whole piece of naan) but then we're talking $9+.  A bit much for fast-food.  I will go back; though.  They just opened and I don't want a food option like this to go away without a chance.
I always try to stop by here anytime I am in Phoenix. The food the service and the atmosphere are great. They tend to go a little heavy on the dirty rice but other than that I can't complain.
Great find.  Cozy; good food.  Started with the grilled spicy shrimp and chicken wing appetizers and waitress recommended Vodka sauce pizza with shrimp.  Very good. Service was prompt and friendly.
For years I have passed by the Petersen House always curious about it but never stopping to take a look. It used to be open year-round for tours but now due to budget cuts it's only open at Christmas. (and occasional school groups I believe) So I decided this year I would finally get over there and check this place out. What a gem! And it was free!The house looks pretty big from the outside but inside it's actually fairly small. You could say it's charming and quaint. The house was decorated for a Danish Christmas - the Petersen's were Danish - complete with two Christmas trees and many Nissa hidden around the house. There was a wonderful volunteer there who told us the story of the Nisse - a little elf-like character who would protect the house and farm. This women was a gifted storyteller. I swear I hung on every word of her story about the Nisse as if I was 5-years old. It was so enjoyable. On the main floor is the living room; dining room and kitchen. Upstairs are a few bedrooms and a bathroom. The bathroom was closed to the public because it had been renovated by the last owners and did not fit the look of the rest of the house.It was so fun to get a glimpse into what life was life for someone here in the early 1900s. Very different than today I'd say. I hope the city can continue to find enough funding and volunteers to keep the house open; even if its just at the holidays because it would be such a shame to lose this piece of Tempe's past.
Move over Bosa; there's a new champ in town!This place is super good; and the one area where they crush Bosa; is in customer service. Bosa is nice; don't get me wrong; but Golden has the friendliest; warmest staff around. The donuts are close to Bosa; but just edge it out by a hair. It is very safe to say if you like Bosa; you will love Golden. It's great that the valley has so many non-chain options; and I encourage you to skip Dunkin; and the corporate crap; and support locally owned spots.This is where something funny and witty would go; but I got nothing. So maybe think of a good joke during this time. Ready; go: ____________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________Ha ha! That was a good one! Now go get some donuts!
I live closer to the Walmart on Bell Rd and 19th Ave. but I would much rather go to this one. The 5 minutes of extra driving is worth the time I save being able to shop without the isles and displays being a complete mess. I prefer the people that shop and work here more than other Walmarts. It is all of the same products but in a much better location. Also; there are a lot of great stores and places to eat near by.
Penzy's is a great place for finding all kinds of spices.  The store is very inviting and easy to find what you are looking for.  I like how Penzy's have different options in spice sizes.  It's not like the grocery stores where they only offer one size.  So; this can keep the price affordable on what you need.  I do love how they may have a variety; based on the country for certain spices.  Top quality for sure! The staff here are very helpful and informative.  Don't forget to pick up one of their catalogs; which have recipes from people who use Penzy spices.  Nice touch!
The faces change a bit more often than i'd like (not sure I've seen the same face more than twice) but fair prices and pretty good results have kept me coming back so long as I live close.
Really good food; super friendly and attentive service.
We had a nice evening here. It feels like a cozy date restaurant and all was delish. Came via a Yelp search and was pleased at the results. First of all the Margaritas are really really good. They make their own sweet and sour mix and it shows. Not too sweet; not too sour... just right.     We started off with chips and salsa and guac. Should have skipped this course as most of the items were repeated with the taco platters we ordered. Thought the chips were a bit dry and not salty enough. The salsa was different and interesting but certainly not memorable.      So why four stars? Loved the seared ahi tacos.  The ahi melts in your mouth and the homemade tortillas and guacamole coupled with this fabulous margarita? WoW. Partner ordered the short rib tacos and they were really good too but the ahi won out.  We will try the swordfish next time and start the meal with that fabulous quinoa kale salad that made us sing.    The service was exceptional. We will return and plan on giving a dinner out at Chelsea's Kitchen as a Christmas gift to make sure that happens!
Great food very creative and they serve Blue Label Scotch!!!
Nope won't be returning.  Pulled up no one in the place.  Not a customer.  Not an employee.  Was it robbed?  Was everyone locked up?  Nope but they might have been partying in the back because they were creepy pleasant when they came out front to wait on me.  Ordered tuna but it could have been chicken cause it sure didn't have any flavor.  Very bland.  Looking forward to sour dough but the bread wasn't good either.  Manager you need to mystery dine.
Honestly; their head pharmacist helped save me money after finding out my new prescription benefit had skyrocketed my co-pays compared to my old benefit.  I suspect I might have saved a bit more at one of the big box places but the customer service here is awesome!
Excellent food!
Nosh just opened in our neighborhood over the new year. We checked it out tonight. Sweet waitress informed us that Nosh is Scandinavian for small plates. Husband and son were perplexed as Scandinavian is not a language. I was perplexed as I believe nosh is a Yiddish word....anyway...We ordered a couple of pizzettes; the Elk Obucco; and the bruschetta. The bruschetta order is far too tiny for the $9 price tag. Vintage 95 version is 3 times larger for just $3 more. Food was tasty overall; but just a little strange. Not sure what the concept is about. Wild boar and Elk--seem like odd choices for a neighborhood bar. People ordering seemed confused when told to expect really small portions. Decor is nice; but there is a strange odor--may just be newness of place and recent construction? Also; tables are too close together to fit patrons comfortably. We have been dying for a high quality fun place to frequent. I hope Nosh can find its groove. We are rooting for you.
I enjoy it here as well as my family that comes to visit me from out of state. The service is friendly and the yogurt is tart the way I like it; especially the original yogurt.  I will drive further to this location for their soft serve yogurt then their competitor that is much closer to where I live. :)
This is the best middle eastern food I've ever had - the gluten free pita put it over the top.  I had the felafel pita and lemonade; and i kid you not; if there's food in heaven; this is it.  Fresh; simple; authentic; and the staff could not be nicer! I plan on being a regular here!!
Just got finished with dinner at Sapporo. Waiting for our reservation time was fine but waiting to eat dinner an hour later was insane; especially at 10pm. The only thing that was good about our experience was the food; which they messed up the order. Maybe if the service staff and cooks didn't spend so much time talking about there personal lives in front of our table things would of been correct! For the price you think service would be more professional. To top the night they didn't get the bill right. I didn't complain about that because we split the bill with 6 people. I won't be dining here again!
We choose Springhill because we needed a nice place to overnight near the airport (at a good rate) for an early am flight and they offered a free 24-shuttle every half hour.  They are located in a remote corporate office park area.  But the facility was a well-appointed for a long stay suite set-up.  The staff was pleasant and helpful.Unfortunately; it was VERY noisy.  The walls and floor must be thin because we heard all kinds of noises that night.  Not sure we would return without serious earplugs.
Gratzee Charles and Isabelle for providing this venue!I love to invite students & buddies; especially int;'l; from school & work to join me & my French friend for a Sunday breakfast just after a GreenBelt Run!Veggie Omelet is my favorite; especially w. salad and fruit.Waiting service is provided by two adorable & dedicated kiddos (in addition to ever-present Momma Isabelle): handsome son & beautiful family friend.Atmosphere is relaxed cafe-like; and when we bring Chopin sheet music; we find the piano is always in tune :)
Went here on a recommendation from a friend. Very glad we did.Great service; excellent chips and dark medium-spiced salsa. Margaritas were great too. Our entrees ranged from rellenos to nachos; salmon Caesar salad to the signature adobe plate. Everything was amazing and portions were huge!You must try this place;it's a sure bet.
great wings!
We eat here all the time. It is the most authentic Thai in the valley. Love the tasty dishes and wonderful owners. You won't be disappointed.
We were in Phoenix visiting family and my parents said we had to go here.  They were right!  Chef Sal's food is delicious.  I just wish I could have kissed Mama Rosa for her spaghetti and meatballs.  My wife LOVED the lasagna.  We took the Calabrese pizza home and later it was wonderful.  The olives; calamari and antipasti plate will all be ordered again.  Next time we are in town we will bring more family and friends and hopefully be able to order one of everything!!!  Order at the counter and they will take care of the rest.  Wonderful food and service.
After one visit here; I was a huge fan of this new Aaron May installation that puts an eccentric twist on pub fare.  Not to mention; I had one of the most incredible burgers here.With no craft cocktail list to be found here; I looked to the list of drafts and beers by the bottle; which really impressed with the first draft selection a King Ludwig White Beer from Bavaria.  The diverse list includes outstanding selections such as Trappist Belgians; Lambics; Ales from coast to coast; and many outstanding German beers.  One can order a flight of four different beers ranging from $5-$8; so this is also a terrific location to reignite the flames of beer passion.But the food!!!!!  We started with the lump crab corn and bacon dip; which was a unique spin on the crab artichoke dip; but lacked a pinch of flavor to make it memorable.  However; the crispy potatoes tossed with truffle aoli; shaved parmesan; and chives had our tastebuds singing.  The truffle aoli makes it worth the $9 price.  The crispy pig ear came next; and although the flavors of lime and sea salt mixed with chili gave it a wonderful savor; the texture of the cartilagenous ears did not bring us past the first nibble.  Lobster tacos came next; which would have been incredible had the lobster not been delivered tempura style on the taco.  With cabbage; pico; and creme fraiche it was a very simple dish - but for $14 could have been more spectacular.  But the brussel sprouts with lemon and thyme more than made up for the lobster tacos.  Gorgeously seasoned; beautifully cooked; we were in love!  So ultimately the coup de gras of this visit was the Praying Monk burger.  What a phenomenal burger; using beef that is world renowned for its quality ; an onion bun from local Karsh bakery; and cooked to perfection.  With a sriracha mayo that gave it a unique flavor kick; finished with caramelized onion and topped with melted Vermont cheddar; it was one of the most delicious burgers I have had in the valley.  Chef Aaron May really knows how to cook a piece of meat!Finally; the space is all dark wood; open ceilings; and an incredible atmosphere created by the chill lounge beats and downtempo tracks pumping through the speakers.Happy Hour is everyday from 3-7pm with  1/2 Priced Appetizers; $3 Monk's Pale Ale; $3 New Belgium Blue Paddle; $4 Premium Well Cocktails; $5 House Red and White Wine - so an excellent opportunity to get to know the exciting pub fare and fantastic beer selection.Furthermore; on Saturday nights is MIDNIGHT MASS where at the stroke of Midnight you receive the same drink as is in your possession for the simple tithing of one dollar.I recommend sitting at the bar; where service is quick and friendly and you can more easily navigate the menu options with your bartender.I highly recommend this place for happy hours; casual dinners; or a fantastic spot to start off a night on the town.
Amazing tacos! Probably the best tacos I've ever had. Guacamole was okay.....likely because it was on the chunky side and I wasn't a fan of the pomegranate (that was a first). Parking can be a pain in the butt but you can park on the street behind the restaurant. Everyone in our party of four was extremely pleased with this place.
I had the BEST experience at Nello's this past weekend.  I have been coming to this location for a while; and finally got around to writing a review.  The menu has some similar  items to the sister restaurant The Parlor which is a good thing.  the staff is on top of things and we got a great wine recommendation from Cody.  This is my go-to place when I have guests in town for an all around great dining experience.  Don't forget to try the chopped chicken salad; it is amazing!
I love Indian food but this place just sets the bar...I've tried several similar locations in town; but this place is the best in my opinion. Their garlic nan is well seasoned and just the right texture; their lamb curry has great flavor without letting the heat do all the work and their dinner sampler selection is lovely. Each side dish on the platter was great to sample. Their tables are small and cozy and they also feature a buffet though me and the hubby chose to just dine-in with service. This place is a must try. Also; Groupon featured these guys for a great deal which made the experience thrifty as well as tasty ;)
I had the carnitas street tacos with rice and beans.  Very bland; dry; not at all flavorful and very SMALL!  Was with a party of 3 on a Wednesday night at 7:30 and had to ask for chip refill 3 times before we actually had our request granted.  Black beans were dry and bland and the red rice I would compare to something you add water to and steam on the stove top; not impressed.  If you want to go hob knob with the pretty people and pay too much for less than par food/service; then enjoy...I won't be back.
I simply cannot review this place because it's too amazing.
Great pizza!! This place was a great last minute pick!! We decided to bring in the big 2013 with a small get together celebration at this pizza joint!! The service was great!! We had a friendly and patient server with our undecided group. Also we loved the surprisingly good tasting white sauce on our pizzas!! Everything was amazing!! The Mozzarella appetizers and the Extreme Hot wings!! Oh so good; fatty food!! We look forward to coming back!!
Friendly; fast and huge portions
I had a great experience here the day after Black Friday. I went in to buy a crock pot at a special price I saw advertised; but unfortunately when I got there; they were all sold out. There happened to be a manager doing some work at the end of the aisle so I asked if there could possibly be any in the back. As it turned out; their inventory count was a little off due to Black Friday craziness; but he ended up giving me the better crock pot at the price I saw advertised. Amazing customer service! I am actually moving into a new apartment this month and I'm so happy this is actually becoming my local Target location. They may have lost a little money giving me the better crock pot; but now they have my loyal business.
Good coffee; nice atmosphere. Pastries are great.
I go to this gym 3-4 days a week. I only use the cardio equipment and weights. I have also taken the group fitness classes and the spinning classes. Never used the pool; sauna or kids club.  Pros: Some of the classes are great! My favorite instructor is Patrick and his yoga classes are the best! Plenty free weights and machines (disclaimer-I am no body builder) and as well as cardio equipment. All the trainers are very helpful! My iPod once fell on the treadmill and went INTO it!!! Ryan got it taken apart and saved my iPod! What a relief...coz I absolutely cannot run without my music. I always go at 7 or 7.30 to avoid rush hour and have never waited more than 5 minutes for a treadmill. It is also next door to Trader Joe's and walking distance from a bunch of cute sandwich places. Jamba Juice is walking distance too!   Cons: The treadmills are sort of run-down and falling apart and the carpet is rather smelly. I wish there were more than 3 stair steppers. Spin room gets pretty hot in summer....I always come out looking like a took a shower with my clothes on! LOL!  Overall; I really like this gym. It has all the things I need. However; I will; most definitely; be going to the one on Camelback and 7th ave because; well; new equipment is nice and this one needs a renovation!
I feel so lucky to live only about a 1.5 mile run away. There is an entrance on both sides of 59th avenue and one on  67th avenue (more horse). There the trails are easier but all the hills connect together so I love running here for hours. Fairly crowded most days unless you are absolutely crazy and run at midday in the middle of summer. The west 59th entrance has water (even for dogs!); restrooms; and is my home base. If you run there from the south; the sidewalk ends and you can take a trail on the left.
Romantic; cozy and beautiful environs. The staff is top notch. Our room had a comfortable king-sized bed and a warm gas-fired fireplace. The decor is sort of rustic Spanish Mediterranean.  Always the mark of a great hotel; they will deliver the New York Times to your room each morning.  Be sure to have a cocktail -- I recommend the Pepino Diablo -- in the Cigar Room at the end of the evening. This is easily one of our favorite hotels in the United States!
I went here with a few friends looking to get some appetizers; sushi; and saki bombs. When we walked in; it was pretty packed so we asked the hostess how long it might take to get a table for five. She basically said she had no idea and to just wait until something opened up. Not exactly the best customer service. They don't have a waiting area so we just hung out by the bar and watched some basketball until a table opened up about twenty minutes later. From there on out it was very good. All the food ranged from above average to great and our server was very nice and sarcastic (which I like). Overall; a pretty good experience.
Dr Allen has saved my suicidal rock eater too many times to count! As for my other 7 dogs; they always get top notch care here as well. Prices are slightly below average; but the service is greatly above average. Considering the fact that my sister is a vet and is closer to my home; yet I still choose to bring my dogs here should speak volumes as to the care they receive under Dr. Allen and staff's trusty watch.Now if I could just get her to make house calls for my pot-bellied pig.
Off the Grid Fitness is the best choice I ever made! Having belong to another gym I came to Off the Grid and found that the instructors worked with me to meet my goals. They also challenged me to create new goals. I immediately canceled my other membership and joined Off the Grid.  I have been a member since July; 2012.Both the classes and instructors are great! The gym facility is always clean and has a lot of equipment needed to challenge my body. If you're looking for a great gym make Off the Grid part of your New Years resolution.Angelica G.
I met up with a friend for cocktails and appetizers. We sat at the bar and service was great. The staff was very pleasant and attentive. It's a nice sophisticated atmosphere and not too loud. I will definitely be back.
Stopped by for a light dinner and drinks on a Thursday night.   Seated immediately and served some warm bread.Drinks were great and didn't skimp on the alcohol.   We ordered a half dozen of the premium oysters and they were awesome.  Worth every penny.   The horseradish that came with them was really; really; really great.Had to try the lobster bisque based on other reviews.   It was very good.  Not the best I've had; but very creamy and filling.    Service was top notch.   Manager even stopped by to see how things were and chat.  I would eat here again without hesitation.
This spot has been in my mom's neighborhood for quite a while; but I can't say that I have dined here much. On a recent trip to visit my mom's place; I just got the biggest hankering for some good ol' Chinese food (we all get this right? not just me?). So I decided to give this place a chance. I am so glad I did!When we first walked in; all the waitresses were at the front; but they quickly dispersed and the one left standing didn't appear all to happy to be left with the daunting task of taking our order. With that being said; my girlfriend and I took a look at each other; and decided we would eat at home (didn't want to trouble the wait staff too much). We looked at the menu; and of course all the classics were there; Beef n' Broccoli; Orange chicken; sesame; chow mein; lo mein; etc! We decided on the Sweet n' Sour Pork; Sesame Chicken; fried wonton and got some veggie fried rice. The food was ready pretty quick; and we rushed home! Everything looked awesome; smelled great; and upon first bite we quickly transcended time and space; and were teleported to Chinese food paradise. The sesame chicken was crunchy and sweet; and the sweet and sour pork was the kind where you put your own sauce; so I got to drench my food in that wonderful sauce! The vegetable fried rice was nice and hearty; with lots of broccoli; more than anything. We were admittedly slightly disappointed with the wontons; as we thought they would be the kind with a little filling inside; but they were just the flat strips. Needless to say; it was a good meal; definitely good Chinese food; and will return. It didn't get the five stars due to the wanton; and shifty staff. Other than that; it would highly recommend this place.
Nice; clean property; with better than average appointments!! The staff is LOVELY; and I'm talking about the way they treat the guests. Very personal and make you very comfortable. Not a full service hotel ; but; so much better than the other brands version of this offering. Free breakfast everyday. They term it continental; it's a lot more than that; but; not a full buffet. Still; hot and cold cereals; fruit; yogurt bar; bagels; pastries; toast; breakfast sandwiches and either waffles or french toast. Juices; coffee; milk; and it was all fresh. Full bar; a dessert bar. Pool was pretty; workout room. Free shuttle service in a 5 mile radius. What it doesn't have and it wasn't a big deal to me: No store; no room service.
We need more places like Frances in Phoenix. So quaint; so unique. Range of selection is great; prices are high and low; just depending on the merchandise. My favorite is the stationery. This is my go-to for sweet gifts.
We all love Zoo Lights. But; what good would my comments be unless I tried to offer some things that could be improved on:) Wife and I went last night (Sunday) figuring it might be fewer people. SURPRISE! The place was packed.1. They could use a few more turn styles or maybe open up another temporary entrance when so many people are trying to get in at 6:00 pm. Maybe even a better way to organize the line (ropes?) would help when it runs way out into the parking lot. It kind of turned into a mob.2. Pedestrian traffic should be routed one-way through narrower trails such as the Arizona Trail. Some folks had strollers as big as golf carts and in the dark people were kind of running into one another. Might even consider this on the other routes; we certainly wouldn't want to discriminate against the monster strollers.3. Over $7 for a bag of popcorn that is too big to eat? Gimme a break; offer a smaller size for those of us not feeding ten people.4. What's with the sorcerer of witches displayed with lights? I thought this was Christmas/holiday time. My wife was a little taken back. Maybe we are moving toward a Fantasia theme?Yes; we had a very good time and will continue to return every year. Keep up the good work Phoenix Zoo and I know you will continue to improve on the event each year.
Raising Cane's is definitely a nice place to eat at. Good atmosphere and the chicken is nice and crispy. The texas toast is also very good. Eat here and thank me later!
I haven't bought anything from the grocery yet; but the food has always been reliable.  The sandwiches; in particular; are so good!  And the next time we have a party; I will definitely have to go back for the pasta salads; cheeses; and other deli items because they all looked amazing!
For nostalgic purposes only. The ice cream and sundaes are weak and it is looking so grungy and run down these days. Get your sweets fix elsewhere.
The wife & I have eaten at the original Nicks many times; especially for breakfast.  So; we were interested trying this new location.  We both had the rib dinner special.  The salad was plain; but very fresh; crisp; and large.  The ribs were delicious and extremely meaty.  Complimented with mashed potatoes and steamed vegetables.  The server was very attentive.  This location is larger than Nicks #1 and was not as crowded. Will certainly be back for more..
I've been to St. Francis a few times and everything has been very good. So far I've tried the following:Goat Cheese Appetizer - Generous portion size with fresh herbs and sauceMeatballs - Another huge portion size with lot's of flavorVeggie Flatbread - A vegan dish; you won't miss the cheese on this oneMarket Vegetable - This was broccoli with a lemon aioli and bread crumbs; I normally don't like broccoli but devoured this one.Cucumber cooler - great cucumber flavor; fresh and delicious!Overall the food is quality and a great value. I look forward to trying more of their dishes. I would highly recommend St. Francis.
One word...Ewww.... It seems typical that americans think garbage is authentic italian cuisine .... just sad.....Italian is truly amazing; when done right; and clearly at first bite; this place doesn't....Anyone who is truly italian; or has traveled there abroad; would Never recommend this place (let alone give it 4 stars).... bc it would be like recommending Taco bell as great or authentic mexican....However; the staff was extremely friendly; and the atmosphere was okay.... so i will give 1 star
What can I say; it's Chipotle.  Fast food; but done really well.  Their burritos are large; and their prices reasonable.  You tell them what you want in it; and they make it right in front of you.  I'm not normally a fast-food fan (in fact; I hate it).  But this is the exception to the rule.Don't expect authentic Mexican food here.  It's not.  It's Mex-American burritos.  But if you're hungry; want something fast and inexpensive; and can't stand the usual greasy fast-food crap; Chipotle is a good alternative.  For what they are; they are very good.  If you're wondering how they compare to Qdoba; frankly I find them interchangeable.  They both do the same thing; and they both do it well.
Sweet Basil offers a sweet cooking class! It started off a little slow but it could be because I like to cook and didn't need an entry-level lesson on how to read a recipe. Once we got through that; it started to jive! There was a group of around 15 of us; so they created a menu with several items and split us up into groups. Throughout the evening; we got to slice; dice and serve up different dishes for the rest of the group to try and while we cooked; we sipped on the wine we brought (it is BYOB after all). There were some kinks in the class; but all-in-all I enjoyed myself and had a good time. I would offer one piece of advice for you if you decide to take the class. Have a snack before! The class started at 7:00 but after the instructions and we cooked the different dishes; we didn't end up eating until closer to 9. Sweet Basil has a wide selection of cooking items for sale as well. They have everything from Cuisinart to fun novelty gifts for a cat-lover (meow!); dog lover; kitchen lover or simply the new cook!
I visited again; but this time the bartender screwed up the Long Island; it was very sour.I asked the waiter to make it less sour; but he used club soda; that made it worse. Waiter felt bad about it and took Long Island off the bill; he didn't have to do that; but I appreciated it.I would still go back; but won't order Long Island there any more. Their bartender really need to make sure he mix it correctly.
I have used this company for several years.  They always do a great job.
What can I say; this place is the worst!  I have eaten at this Arriba on many occasions; raw shrimp tacos and hairy ceiling fans were the nail in the coughin!  I talked to Jerry who introduced himself as the new General Manager; his resolution was a free meal next time I came in.  NO THANK YOU!  This is probably the dirtiest restaurant I have ever eaten at; the dust lingering above the booths was appaling.  If the restaurant is bad; imagine the kitchen!  If I could give it 0 stars I would.
Go for the Happy Hour (too bad it's only in the Cantina which is always slammed) or don't go. We always have a blast there.Can't say anything about the restaurant because i haven't eaten in it; but I did walk through once and do agree with another; that it was dirty and looking like a tornado blew through.
The bartenders are professional and can focus during the really crazy nights. 5/5The bouncers and door staff are unfocused and fairly atrocious.  The bouncers act more like a bunch of douch-baggy corrupt ex-cops and frequently hit on women around the bar like they're the owners.  I actually saw a few of these guys leave the door and walk over to a bunch of women to show off their muscles for 20 minutes on a Friday night.  Lol; pretty laughable. They charge a $10 cover charge till midnight or so but if you wait outside long enough you might get in for free when these guys get distracted again.  There's also the cashier girls who take the money; they're always pretty rude and put on heirs like the girls from Jersey Shore when I give them my money. 1/5The management unfortunately is unprofessional and tends to act as badly as the bouncers do.  I frequently see them either playing games on their phones or not at all.  1/5The bartenders couldn't be more opposite and know how to run a classy establishment.  The ownership should think of at least think of restaffing the door and I'm not sure what the management does; but it seems like the bartenders are the ones who really run the place.  The valet are good kids and don't make you wait around for too long.  I still go back because I live close by and it's close; but It's usually my last choice on any given night.
Love the fresh dandelion greens they always carry for my green smoothies.
I wasn't impressed with Kelly's as a restaurant.  Half of the menu was unavailable while I was there because they were in the middle of changing it.  Everything I wanted was not available.  Once I received my food; it wasn't the best either.  It was a sandwich.  How hard is that to make?  Anyway; this place is better for drinking and going out; not eating.  All of the old town people go here now; so it's one of the new hot spots.  I'm not sure I love the crowd though.  It's filled with bitchy girls and douchebags.  Check it out for yourself if you'd like.
I've been to this place a few times since I moved to the area. It's a great dive-y bar with a lot of open space and tables. I'm a big fan of playing shuffleboard; so that is definitely a plus. Drink prices are fair and the crowd is usually fun-going and casual. It's a nice place to hang out with friends and have a few drinks when you want to get away from the Scottsdale club scene and just relax.
Excellent food; These places are hard to find here in the valley; believe it or not. More traditional style. Highly recomended !!!!
I was really surprised to see that this placed had 4.5 stars; which was why we tried it. The food was not good and the fish did not even seem fresh. I would not recommend this to anyone. Don't be fooled by the reviews.
Waited over 40 minutes for a half-pound of dry ground beef; nothing BBQ about the BBQ Western burger. If the rest of the menu is the same quality; no wonder they need girls in shorts and tank tops to get customers!
Great place!  Needed to meet some people for a one day business meeting.  Hospitality through the roof!  Also booked rooms for a couple nights.  It's an older place but more than served it's purpose; coming from a person that travels and has seen both the best and worst of what hotels offer.Unanimous decision by the group that this will be our Phoenix place to meet in the future!
This is actually a really nice park. I didn't like how to get to the smaller area you have to go through the whole dog park; but eh. Like most dog parks; there are owner cliques. I loved that there was plenty of seating; shade; and different terrain (kinda) for my dogs to run around through. They really had a blast playing with new friends and running all over this huge park. It's shaped like a donut (with the agility area being the center); so they were running laps like crazy. And they napped for HOURS when we got home. Would def come back. (Ah yes. STOP SMOKING IN DOG PARKS. jerks.)
It is very nice to have a new Rack in the more central part of the Valley for those of us who are only rarely able to hike all the way up north to the Scottsdale airport location; or brave the wilds of soccermom territory in Chandler.I've only dropped in to this Rack a few times and it has been very organized; has very friendly staff; and a great selection of both men's and women's wares for sale. This could all change in the near future so I'll wait to give it a full five star review; until after the new-store smell wears off.
Not impressed!Dive bar with average overpriced bar food and ditsy service that thinks they are there to socialize with the customers. Our server was a little on the over-friendly side (yes; I get that she's just trying to get a good tip; but c'mon). Just bring my food/drinks and get it right/fast/correctly priced. It seems simple enough; yet it didn't happen here.What's worse; the table next to us had a server standing there talking to customers for most of the time we were there. Very unprofessional and i know it left others wondering as well. Just do your job and hang with your friends on your own time.Service cost them a star and a customer.I won't be back.
Such a beautiful facility.  I love coming here and look forward to coming every year from here on.  Friendly staff and not a bad seat in the house with plenty of opportunities to meet the players.
Now we've got 3 Indian restaurants within a mile;all very good. I suppose the demand is there especially from non Indians who are discovering the vast and flavorful menus offered by these eateries. We checked out Indian Paradise 2; NE corner practically of I-17 & Bell next to an old shell station. All I can say is these guys have got it right. North and South Indian; Veg & non veg; chaat masala ;wholesome fresh food in a clean relatively new setting that used to be the Black Bear Diner. The ambiance is decent;and the service is great; with good presentation in a clean open well lit space. The buffet is the usual route; on a first visit and as of now the best value in town at $7.95 Mon. thru Thur. and $10.95 on the weekends for wonderful grub that'll please any palate. That's not the only unique feature because they also offer a dinner buffet at similar prices. Yes by all means; skip a meal before and the one after; because this'll fill the day and you won't regret any of it. They also have a group dining area you can reserve for company or family events. Great addition to the Valley  dining scene. I think I saw a mini bar over to the right; so go do it and give us your take.
Candace and team from Arizona Taste; YOU GUYS ROCK! Food; service; professionalism; timing; attention to detail. You guys did and had it all. Catering service from Arizona Taste is highly recommended. I used them for my wedding reception and will be a returning customer for future events. Candace is truly a delight to work with. She is on top of it from planning to execution. With my venue being outdoors and no chef's kitchen; one of my biggest concerns is the common disappointment of cold wedding dinners. This was NOT the case. Everything was piping hot and delicious. AZ Taste also kindly set up a hot tea station for my guests that was perfect to keep everyone warm. AZ Taste did not miss a beat and should make it on every brides' short list.
Great place; speedy and always a great pedi.Massage always rocks; get a sugar rub; leg massage and callus remover.. oh and French for $37.00...
I consider myself an expert in green chili chimis and La Canasta has a pretty good one. One the down side- they don't know how to give back correct change.
Many many torta options and all seem quite big.  The place is in a small plaza and the place looks kind of ghetto.  I'm not into many Mexican foods; but I do like some tortas and tostadas; etc.  I ordered the Del Rey; so I could get a taste of one of their popular choices.  The order came with chips; which weren't that crispy; but the sandwich itself was probably worth the money already.  I think I would've enjoyed it more if I didn't try to finish it all at once; but I didn't have a microwave in my hotel room and didn't want it to go to waste.  I think half of the sandwich would have been enough already.  So make sure to come when you're really hungry.   The ham was a little on the drier side; but the cheese wrapped with the sausage and the beef was really good.  But I think it's better to share it with someone!
Excellent service and warm decor at CPH. The food is solid but I was a bit let down. The famous chop salad was overly sweet and the menu is so overly red meat/bacon oriented. While that is tasty to be sure it's not that creative. The scallops were delish and the wine and cocktails were perfect. A bit more diversity to the menu would make it 5 stars for me.
Yes! Go here!The best chips & salsa in the Valley. Hearty portions of quality and delicious Mexican food. Friendly; helpful; top-notch service (ask for Isaac; if he's working). Nice ambiance too. This could be my new favorite Mexican food restaurant.I've tasted and can recommend: Huevos Rancheros; Machaca Taco; Red Beef Burro; Chorizo Burro. And; like I said; the chips & salsa(s) are amazing.I'm a fan. I'll return.
I hadn't visited the dentist in several years and was having severe dental anxiety.  I was referred to this dentist office by a friend and was ensured that this is the nicest dentist office ever!  This was in fact the case....nicest group of ladies ever; especially the hygentist; Mandi.  The office is located in a home in Old Town Scottsdale that was converted into a green dental office.  Great environment...flat screen tv's built into the cieling and goggles to wear for comfort.  Will continue to go here for as long as I can!
What a marvelous concept! Waffles and hot dogs coming together as one! We tried the waffle dog and the sausage in a waffle and really enjoyed them both. The sausage one was particularly good covered in syrup - like having a little bit of breakfast in the afternoon. Next time I plan to try the smores waffle.
We have lived in the Valley since 1997. We've eaten in many Mexican Restaurants - high end to low end. Tee Pee Mexican is the best Mexican Food we have eaten in the 15 plus years. We just went to the Tee Pee in December for the 1st time. We will be repeat customers many times more. We won't be eating in any other Mexican Restaurant from here on. We have found the best Mexican Restaurant in the Valley!!!The only improvement is they should serve Fried Ice Cream!!!
Awesome place. Had the purist sandwich. Ingredients were super fresh. Flavors were all in balance. No overloading of basil or peppers. And LOVED seeing that they had local wines for sale - caduceus and merkin.
Had dinner with five friends here. Four of us arrived and had a cocktail at the bar. We were seated after a 10 minute wait. Someone came by the table to greet us as soon as we were seated but we weren't sure if he was the waiter or not. He said bread was on the way (but we didn't see it till 20 minutes later) and gave us some menus.We sat for nearly 10 minutes waiting for our waiter and no one showed up. I also want to note that the restaurant wasn't too busy on a Friday night (perhaps this review will explain why). One of my buddies asked another waiter for our server. The same guy who greeted us came back and said he was our waiter. I am not going to say his name as I don't want our country's unemployment rate to go up. The waiter made excuses on why he didn't come back. Whatever...One of my buddies who's a wine connoisseur ordered a 2007 Syrah and the waiter brought out a 2008 instead. We politely sent it back. My buddy followed with another 2007 Cabernet and we again received the 2008 instead. How hard is it to update the wine menu? There's a huge difference in wine when it comes to the year. How can a famous steakhouse have such an oversight on the menus.All of our appetizers came before we could order the wine. Luckily we were still drinking our house wine and cocktails we ordered from the bar. Just about when we finished our appetizers; we got our bread. Really? What's the point?We settled on the 2008 Cabernet and had to ask for a decanter. The waiter didn't know what it was and later came back with one. I ordered the dinner special which was $50 for a soup or salad; follow by a main course and dessert. The soup was a bit salty but acceptable. I got the filet as a main. The meat was ok. Not great. I didn't like the fact that they put sour cream and raspberry sauce on the filet. If it was a good meat; no sauces are necessary. The best part of my meal was the dessert which was a warm bread pudding. My other three buddies' all ordered steaks a la carte. Of the three steaks; only one was good -- ribeye. For the other steaks which were $40+; I don't think it met our expectations. You can certainly head down the road to Ruth's Chris or Delfrisco for a similar steak. I personally would head back to Tarbell's which is also down the road.Overall; the meal was so so at best. Not worth the price. The service here was horrendous.
Favorite spot for tasty Bruchetta!!
Always great service an food. Don't forget to order off the menu if you don't see it on the belt
It's all good! Red and green chili and a beef taco!!
The service was great and everyone was so nice! The food is amazing! the best vegetables I've ever had in the area; fresh and well cooked. The ambience is a bit stark and cafe like; but the food makes up for it. I will be here again! Fantastic! Highly recommend.
My fiance and I meet up some friends here before heading to the Eddie Vedder concert on 04 November 2012.  Meal:  Between the four people at dinner; we had the Kentucky Fried Quail; Kobe Beef Short Ribs; seasonal daily shortbread (couldn't remember exactly what it was); vintner' salad; collard greens; tatter tots; and the mac n' cheese.  Oh; and we had a ton of cocktails.  I think every person at the table had at least 3 drinks each.Taste:  Real hit or miss.  Somethings were just off the charts in taste and freshness and some things were incredibly boring.  The cocktails were wonderful and it was apparent they use top shelf stuff.  The mac n' cheese was a real let down.  The collard greens were decent at best.  The quail was good but nothing to write home to momma about.  The beef short ribs were top notch; along with the short bread.  I would think the way to go is to go with whatever is the daily special.  7 out of 10.Value:  Value was horrible.  I understand that the intent of nicer restaurants is that they don't typically serve huge portions; but at the same time; if you drop $150 (without tip); you expect to be full afterwards.  Don't come hungry because you will leave hungry.  The best value was probably the short ribs. 1 out of 5.Service/Cleanliness:  I liked the service because our server knew that menu inside and out . . . and she was not shy about giving us recommendations.  I like a server whoisn't afraid to share their opinion and directs you away from a potentially bad dish or experience.  Out server was attentive; funny; and friendly; but at times as a little pushy.  9 out of 10.Atmosphere:  This is a great atmosphere.  It overlooks the city-scape and architecture design is beautiful.  It has a very young yet sophisticated feel to it; but almost any age demographic will fit in.  5 out of 5.Overall:  Next time I come here; I would probably just come for the drinks and get a small appetizer instead of a full meal.  The atmosphere; drinks; and service is what really makes this place stand out.  I think this would be a great place to meet someone for a date or if you want to go somewhere upscale prior to a concert near by.  22 out of 30 points; 3 out of 5 stars.
SO much better than the Queen Creek location or any of the Mesa ones!clean store; helpful workers; one of the best joann's
Friendly server but she was rather inattentive. Restaurant had dirty tables; but was in a nice; clean shopping plaza. The pizza lacked sauce and seemed; not only poorly; but a little inconsistently made. We didn't feel well after eating it; and I'm not surprised. Disappointed in this Pizza Hut experience!
Although I think on some level the atmosphere (how many Jewish delis are there in the Phoenix area?) and mammoth proportions somewhat overshadow how good the food at Chompie's actually is; at the end of the day this is a solid restaurant with good food.I have only been to this location one or two other times prior to this last visit (and it/they were both a LONG time ago); but I have been to the Tempe one from time to time when I'm in town for a visit & despite the different layouts (for some reason this one feels more like a Jewish deli); the food & service at both locations are similar.I don't like pickles at all; but it's nice that they put them out at your table like some restaurants do w/bread; chips/salsa; etc...The menu here is HUGE and breakfast is served all day; which I like. Last time I was here I had a chorizo & cheese omelet; and it came w/home fries (I think I could have substituted them for fruit or cottage cheese; but I was on vacation) and a bialy (can substitute w/bagel; English muffin; or toast). This was a TON of food. The omelet & homes fries were a bit greasy; but hey; they were good. I do LOVE that Chompie's serves bialies! The service here can be a bit slow; but nothing TOO much worth complaining about. At the end of the day Chompie's is a solid spot.
This snug little place is moving to a larger space in the new year - just to let you know. It'll be near Extension and Baseline. Now... the food is good and prepared while you wait and and unusual. Definitely go with the Swedish Pork Schnitzel and the beet salad. The saurkraut is divine as is the large lacy cookie to have after dinner. Service is efficient but you will wait for your meal to be prepared - not a place to be in a hurry; ok?? But it's worth the wait and I will definitely go back. But... I will skip the peas. They were boring. Sorry.
Best pork burritos...ever
Excellent restaurant! Made reservations for NY's eve; seated immediately. Service excellent. Food delicious. Lamb perfectly prepared. Enjoyed Daal soup & Naan. Several children with families present; welcomed. Had dinner for 2; required go boxes so much food. Delightful people; food; and decor. Would definitely go back. Highly recommend.
Just OK
beginning to be a favorite; reasonable price food. get the reclining seats not the office chairs
For some reason this location isn't as good as the rest. The dining is always dirty and the patio looks like crap.
By far and away my favorite for asian food.  Large menu to choose from.  And they always seem to remember you there.
What's not to love about a locally owned restaurant with a great menu!? They feature new lunch and dinner specials and a great happy hour! The list of beers may be overwhelming; try the Beer of the Month. only $3! Or go for my absolute favorite; their Red Sangria. All other Sangrias can't come close!
Damn this place is GOOD. A family friend discovered it right after it opened; and I am always down to go there.Parking is a SOB; look for street parking because the lot in front of the place is always packed. Lunch time is out of control packed and the dining area is TINY so come at odd times for your best bet and shortest wait. Love the decor tho. Old school; giant wooden tables/chairs; giant local art. 20 salsas to choose from; ranging from pica de gallo to pistachio; you'll always find new ones to try. Tacos are quite good. Maybe a little pricey; but it's worth it. I always try something different because it's guaranteed to be tasty.
I visited with my husband and son. We all really liked the bean dip and the chips were good too. My son loved the fajitas. My chile Rellano was ok. Not the best one I have had in town but it was acceptable especially since the margaritas were only $3.99 for happy hour. Overall everything was pretty good. I am sure we will be back.
I have to search long and hard for things in this store that don't expire the day I'm purchasing them. They don't have a lot of the things they offer in their weekly ad; which I try to plan my grocery list around. The lines are always SUPER long. The store is always dirty. I keep telling myself I'll go to another store but there isn't another one in the 'hood to go to; so I'll need to make a better plan to head further away for a better experience in another chain. I've tried to talk to assistant managers about my issues at the store and have been blown off or they act afraid and stutter a lot. The only good news: The gentlemen that bag groceries and collect carts are VERY nice and helpful.
Staff was extreamly knowledgable on guns. Love the museum aspect of the store. Hard to not feel like an american when you walk through this place.
Neat coffee shop in north east Phoenix. Good seating area with tables; chairs; sofa and lazy chairs. My first visit was for a cup of coffee. The home made coffee brew was prepared. I handed my debit card for payment and was hit by ten cents fee for using my debit card for a bill under ten dollars. The debit card fee was not stated when i ordered and there was no visible signage. The coffee was great but the ten cents extra charge for using my debit card made my visit short. My search is on for another locally owned coffee shop without the ten cents debit card fee aka coffee tax.
I recently had the pleasure of staying at this hotel for a 3 day conference for Women on the Move.  The staff went above and beyond to make sure we were taken care of. They even brought us Smores kits to roast by the pool at the fire pits!  They truly understand customer service.  We can't wait to come back.  They have a free shuttle (Red Cadillac Escalade) that can take you locally which was a big help since many of us needed to run out for things during our stay.  The property was exceptionally clean.  The rooms were recently renovated and very large.  I had a ground level room by the pool and it had a great patio with chairs to sit outside.  Only complaint was hallway noise during evening hours but it was not an issue.  Food was great!
Really great stuff in here. Was impressed at their original Xbox; SNES; NES; and even ATARI collection! Wow. As a vintage gamer; impressed. When I first moved to the area; I went in to try and find Meat Puppets' Monsters - and of course they had it - USED - and at a great price! Was psyched too because the Puppets are LOCAL; and well; I've come out of this store really happy every time.They have lots here.. DVDs; even vinyl; toys; and more. Bargains everywhere. Hope they last a long time. Long live real record stores!
I enjoyed my time at The Moon. My Brother and I hung out here for HH and it is great! According to my Brother it's Fogey. He was interested in the ladies. However; I am sure knowing that we were together; the ladies may not have known we are siblings. Awesome HH specials both the drafts and the sliders. I will definitely be back. Surprising that they do so well with the neighboring competition; but the bar hoping was fun. Christmas Eve was slow; empty; yet expected for the holidays. Yes; I had to explain this to my Brother. He was disappointed. (Throwing him under the bus; but helping to hook him up!) :)Amanda our server/Waitress was great!
Prime rib check....rice...check....atmosphere....check. This place is great shopping the a piece of prime rib. What's not to love. The Keg never fails me.
this place stinks. it smells so bad. miso soup looks like its from an instant package. at least i paid only a dollar for it. ok sushi. but cheap. maybe ill go again.
Molli is an absolutely caring and professional hair stylist. I visited her after having my hair destroyed at Socio Salon in Scottsdale and she took me into her salon last minute; the NIGHT before Thanksgiving. She was diligent; understanding and reasonably priced. If you are looking for a compassionate hairstylist that loves her job; you found it!
Someone in class suggested this place and it was such a let down. A large group of us went and many people liked their sandwiches but my turkey cranberry w/ stuffing sandwich was awful. The stuffing looked like dog food and it tasted like cardboard and fennel. The cranberry sauce tasted like it came from a can and there was nothing special about the bread. The upside is we got our orders fairly quickly and the atmosphere was alright for a quick lunch spot.
Food was really good... And it stops at that. Service sucks! Especially at night.. There was one guy who I am presuming is the owner. He didn't seat us but just told us to find our own seats. He came and gave us menus and when we asked what he recommends he mumbled something and we had to turn our heads to look at him. Like literally turn our heads all around and he wouldn't look anybody in the eye. When he brought out the food he didn't tell us which dish is which and when we asked if he can name the platters again he mumbled and walked off. What kind of service is that??? We had to walk over to the other tables and get our own forks and napkins. He didn't come once to check up on us to see how the food is; if we need anything etc. The most unfriendly socially awkward owner/waiter I've ever seen. Also; portions are small. If the owner wants to keep his business around; he should be smart enough to take this review in consideration and improve on all of the above.
One word: Basic. I tried Pei Wei's recently and the dish I ordered tasted just like the one I threw together at YC's. Okay; I know know that this is Asian fusion but that's all I am coming across in the valley. A whole bunch of fusion food. Give me authentic. Give me something that doesn't taste like all the chain restaurants around the area. I would have liked to have seen some baby corn; bamboo shoots and water chestnuts available as veggies to add to your dish here. In the meantime I will continue my search for good Asian cuisine around the area that doesn't taste like a microwaveable meal from the grocery store.
Picked this based on the two reviews. Its been 45 minutes since we saw our server. No appetizers yet. There are two servers and six tables. We have watched two orders go back to the chef; worried about our food. Food came; recommend burgers or sandwiches.
First off; realize this is not a pricey or dressy-type place; it is a casual; neighborhood restaurant! I've been dining here since 1991 and this place has CONSISTENTLY provided quality meals and great service. If you can count; that's about 22 years of good eats and affordable dine-out on a budget. The meals are authentic; no China Panda s***t here; no 'fusion' BS; either.The chrysanthemum tea is excellent; and I recommend their bar if you're looking for a decent drink at a modest price. The layout hasn't changed since 1991; and I have reason to believe they haven't updated much of the furniture; but I go there to eat; not to gawk; so I'm good. I recommend this place to any foodie looking for a more exotic; yet authentic meal. Their lunch specials rock; unless you can do better elsewhere for six bucks!
This place is amazing. I personally ride here and I have a blast every time I come and I learn so much. The trainers are very knowledgeable and work with you towards what you want to accomplish. The arena is huge and there are 2 round pens and a cow pen and a cow run. I have seen new people come to a lesson that have never ridden a horse before and by the end of the lesson look sooo much better than the first few minutes of getting on the horse!  The leasing program here is great! I lease a horse here and I've never had any problems. Even the people who board here are friendly! One thing I really appreciate about this barn is that many of the horses here are rescue horses. When they get there; they are sometimes severely underweight; but in a couple months they have put on a ton of weight and are ready to be ridden; pampered; and loved by others. :)I literally cannot say how much I love this barn; I've been to others where the trainers are stuck-up and plain mean! All the trainers i've had here though are awesome. You learn more than just how to ride a horse here; you make great friends and learn how to be a good horse person.
We go there every weekend morning because of its family style; friendly crew and quality food. We love it.
I've had better Gelato... but this was from a vendor in the side of a building in Vienna.  I've yet to have anything that measures any higher than the gelato that the spot churns out in the Phoenix area.  They have a great selection of flavors; friendly staff; and come in at a good price.  What more could a sweet freak ask for?  I'd recommend the pumpkin pie and cheesecake.  I do wish their pistachio had more... pistachio in it; but that's just nitpicking.
Visited 'Coffee Bean & Tea Leaf' and found the my taste coffee. It was simply relaxing and now it has become my usual habit to go with friends and have a superb sup of coffee. Cheers :)
The service is good. The wings remind me of when I attempted to make wings at home and failed terribly and the burgers defiantly have that taste of low quality frozen meat. Other items on the menu aren't so bad. All in all it's an ok place. One other thing like most restaurants they have adapted to charging $2.50 for a soft drink. It usually cost restaurants 12 cents for a fountain drink.
This is probably one of the cleanest Fry's I've ever been too. Every member of their staff is always helpful and they really do try to please you. I'm in here usually around rush hour and they make my visit less antagonizing by opening more lanes to get me in and out and on my way. Thank you for that; my time is quite precious.
I have only had 2 Brazilian waxes in my life; and the 2nd one was just done by Deyna. I had a horrible experience during my first wax in Canada; so seeing Deyna was delightful! She made me feel 100% comfortable; and she was very chatty and kind. She uses bed sheets as waxing strips and they work so well! She even showed me the roots of my hairs on the strip and educated me about how waxing works. I would recommend her to anyone! I'll be back to see her when I'm back in Mesa later in the year. Ask her where the F spot is. ;)
The desert Botantical Garden is a must if youu want to the dessert plants and describution of them while seeing them growing in nature environment.  I have not been there for awhile but dropped in with my visiting friends from CA & found how amazing it is once again. It was natural beauty & education review of the desert plants.  If anything dont miss this place while visitng Phoenix or those who live here pease go back and see nature & all its beauty.
Seems has if they have gone down on the quality of the product from what I remember... it saddens me.
I was really turned off to a Rays at a different location a year ago because they used canned mushrooms; so I was hesitant to go here when my bf suggested to go to Rays again when I told him I was craving a large slice of greasy cheese pizza.. Luckily; this location is the closest to him. We walked in and it had a super NY feel to it. The guy who took our order was super grumpy and so was the pizza chef; but they were so entertaining and as weird as it sounds; it made the place even more authentic. While most people would complain about the rudeness and all; I happened to appreciate and so did my bf. We got the small order of garlic knots and the 2 slice and drink combos. What a great deal! The garlic knots took a while but it was definitely worth the wait. They were the best we have tried. And the marinara sauce was delicious too. The order was HUGE!! I couldn't believe that was considered a small. It can be shared by 2 or 3 people. The pizza was AMAZING! They were slices of heaven! It was exactly what I had been craving. Can't wait to go back. New York City pizza in Phoenix :)
I first experienced Tarbell's back in 2005 and wanted to come back this year to see if it maintained its high quality of food and service. Tarbell's did not disappoint. Tarbell offered a wide selection of wines and we got what we wanted. I had the iron cast steak which was delicious. I think I'd the pork chops back in 2005 and suggested one of my buddies to order it. I was fortunate enough to had a piece at medium rare and it was great! My two other friends had the ribeye and fish and both were up to par. Tarbell's is one of my favorite restaurants in the greater Phoenix area. I will definitely come back here. I also thought the prices were fair. The service was also exceptional. No complaints here.
The seating is very comfortable and it is very close to my house. I like this place.
Sincerely;Uninspired in PhoenixI've had Eden's Grill Bookmarked for a while now; seeing as I do enjoy a good gyros and today I happened to be just round the corner and hungry. I pulled up Yelp; went to my bookmarks; low and behold a nearby 4.5 star! I quickly decided; That's where were going and away we went. Now many of my reviews come from inspiration; something seems to catch my attention. Maybe it was the amazing house made ketchup; perhaps the superior service; or the cooked to perfection polenta. Inspiration sometimes comes also from a crude wait staff; under cooked chicken; or runny macaroni and cheese. Today; I find no inspiration and thus; this spot gets filed as Vanilla. Not quite one of my favorites; but an OK choice if it's easily accessible and no alternative choices to speak of.Upon arrival the wait staff seemed to be hours deep into a game of poker. Showing neither excitement nor distain to see me enter the dining room; they certainly had an amazing poker face. Two? she asked; then escorted us to one of the eight available tables in a dining room of ten tables. $7.95 for a gyros and (salad; fries; or rice) seemed like a square deal to me; so I ordered up a gyros with a salad - and please; no onions or tomato. I knew I could break that poker face of her's; although; I didn't expect it to be in offense to me wanting no tomato on my food. It's rare I get asked you want no tomato?... on your salad!? with a sneering look of offence; as if my personal distain of tomatos somehow reflected poorly on her or the kitchen staff. Sadly; the salad; having fresh lettuce; cucumber; and a barely there amount of feta cheese - just enough to call it out on the menu as an included ingredient; was bland. Adding salt and pepper to a salad is never a sign of a good salad or dressing. Along comes the gyros; and tasty as it was; the gyros meat was sliced super thin - no problems if you like it that way though; and it was also topped with the onions I specifically requested to be omitted from my meal; I quickly picked those off myself.Maybe it was an off day; maybe it's just me be picky; maybe there were forces at work here that wanted my meal to be pretty good; but uninspired; but this 4.5 star place seemed a little over stated; IMHO. It's possible I'll come back again; but hailing from central phoenix; it's rare I'm up this way; and more rare I'm up here and looking for something to eat.Happy Yelping Phoenix.
Delicious sandwich. I got a sandwich; chips; and a drink combo. It was $10. A little high for lunch; especially since it was at a counter. The price was the only thing keeping me from giving it 5 starts.
This is always a great breakfast. My personal favorite at the moment is the Greek Fetash and the Farmer's Market Ben E. Dict. A work of caution though concerning the crab dishes. I asked the waitress what kind of crab was used; since I used to get a Snow Crab omelette at another place in San Diego; and she said it was imitation crab meat. Uh; that's not crab meat ; it's Whitefish. If you're going to use imitation crab meat then call it what it is. None the less; T.C.'s is still a great breakfast but get there before 9AM or you'll be waiting for a table. That's always a good sign of a place to eat.
I love this place. The pizza is a Neapolitan style with a great thin crispy crust and good toppings. One of my personal favorites is the chicken Parmesan. One thing is it is very small so I always get my food to go.
Love the pork belly wrapped in lettuce with the sesame oil accompaniment. Can't go wrong with most of the Korean BBQ here. Sushi is average.
I got free entrance to the center for a conference I was attending; and as a college student; it was a nice evening.  Maybe I'm spoiled growing up on the east coast; but this museum was so small.  The attractions the museum did have were cool and definitely elementary school aged kid friendly.  It just wasn't anything out of the ordinary.
Fantastic gelato and a fun place to spend some time with friends. Try the mint chip and birthday cake flavors.
Upon entering Mellow Mushroom the Hostess stand is about 20 - 30 feet away from the door.  Just recently I underwent foot surgery on both feet so I walk with a cane and have those special black shoes they give you until you recover.  The Hostess not only didn't greet me upon entering but proceeded to walk me back to the farthest part of the restaurant.  I stood my ground; pointed to my feet and cane and asked for a booth much closer to walk to.  Next came the waiter who dropped off menu's; no welcome to Mellow Mushroom my name is ----- how are you and what can I get you to drink.  Nothing; no personality at all and before he left I asked for a manager.  I got Andrew who knelt down so we could be face to face and I expressed my view points with the hostess and the waiter whose name I still don't know. He said he would talk to his staff about my concerns.  After we were re-sited I asked for the manager again.  Out came the general manager Blake; I again expressed my view points but he wanted a pissing match with me instead.  He wanted to know how many restaurants I had opened; I said I've been in the Hospitality Industry since 1980. I also worked in the customer service department at American Express for many years.  I asked him why the employee's don't wear name tags;  Because it is Corporate Policy not to wear name tags as express by the general manager Blake.  Well I like to see the person's name who is serving me.  I asked him why the employee's are allowed to show their tattoo's; again it is Corporate Policy; if you got them; show them.  Well I don't really want to see someone else's art serving me; although I have tattoo's when working professionally; you won't see them. I have traveled across the United States working and eating in some of the finest restaurants; but I've come to the conclusion Mellow Mushroom is run by some 40 year olds who really don't see the bigger picture.  They hire general manager's like Blake who I may add had been the rudest and most condescending restaurateur I've ever met and I've met a lot.  I guess I'll be getting my pizza someplace else.
Love the food and the environment!
My husband had the steak sandwich and said it was good.  I tasted his garlic fries and they did;t have much flavor;but most of all were not real hot and not crispy;Just a kind of hardness.  Nothing to look at or tempt me to eat more.I had the Kobe burger and will never have another. It looked hard and dark and was not juicy at all.  Maybe a burger  really should have some fat or they don't know what they aredoing .  I never use ketchup; but had to drown this burger in it for some flavor.  Yuk!I so wish I would have sent it back; but our server was so nice.  This place is over priced and could take a lesson from Cheesecake Factory where everything is consistently GOOD.     Thank God we had a birthday coupon and got a break on the bill.  Free chocolate cake that was not moist except for the frosting.  Will never go back.    We don't care about the beer.
Pandora's jewelry is very expensive and not my cup of tea. However; my mom decided she wanted their charm bracelet so now I find myself in this store a couple times a year. While I resent paying $30-50 for a little silver charm; I'm relieved that I have a great gift option for my impossible-to-shop-for mom. The fact that this Pandora has EXCELLENT customer service is a wonderful added bonus. I'll never bother ordering online because 1. I'm too cheap to pay for shipping and 2. Working with the women at this store is truly pleasurable.I wanted a snowman charm for my mom's Christmas present this year; but it sold out at that store. First they arranged for a pick up at the Scottsdale store; but it came back into stock at San Tan just a few hours after I left. They called me right away to pick it up. When I returned a few days later; they knew exactly who I was and what I was waiting for even though it was a different salesperson helping me. That demonstrates great communication amongst their staff.I'll be back on Mother's Day!
If you are looking for a way to help out your fellow man this year; Andre House is a great place to start. I have volunteered here on average once a month over the past year and I hope to continue. It is hard work. Like 4-5 hours of straight hustle and bustle; but it is so rewarding! Call down there or sign up online; they are always in need of a few extra hands but you cannot just drop in. Good luck! And Happy New Year!
I found this hamburger joint to be a complete delight. We stopped in more out of geographic convenience and ended up surprised at the quality and tastiness of the food. My well-done burger was juicy; carmelized; and delicious. We also tried among the table a spinach salad; regular and 'smash fries'; a hot dog and a grilled cheese sandwich. From the artisan breads to fresh meats and produce; you will be pleased with your meal at this little gem in the shopping center.
Friendly customer service!  They will compare rates on the different shipping providers; help pack things into extra boxes they have and tape things up for no additional charge!  Can't ask for more.
Most people would give it 5 stars.  Stayed at a casita over the weekend.  The place is top shelf.  Very regal and elegant.  I would argue that it is becoming a bit dated.  For alternatives...consider the JW Marriot at Desert Ridge.  The Phoenician is simply over the top with indulgence.  The pools were warm and inviting.  Food at the breakfast buffet was delish.  Go and enjoy.  You will most likely give it 5 stars.
This place is AMAZING!!! Multi-tainment center perfectly describes this place. You can eat; lounge; bowl; play and watch movies all in the same place! This place houses 3 restaurants (347 Grill; Luxe and Cones Café) The 347 Grill and the Luxe share the same kitchen; so you'll get the same food quality. The biggest difference between the two is the 347 Grill is family friendly and the Luxe is for adults only with more emphasis on the drinks as the bar anchors this lounge/restaurant. My group ate at the Luxe due to the wait at Grill 347; the food was okay nothing to scream about good enough to keep the night festive; the price points were dead on. I had the Mediterranean salad which was well balanced and good in size however I wish the cucumbers were more freshly cut.  My husband ordered the Honey BBQ wings which were good in size; well sauced and crunchy; yum! The other people in my party all enjoyed their food as well. After dinner we headed over to the Ultra Star cinemas for a movie. For an additional $2.50 you can upgrade to the Star Class area upstairs and view your movie minor free with drink and waiter service; score!!! I didn't get a chance to bowl at the Tin Pens bowling alley but next time I definitely will. The Arcade was decent. What I like most about this place is the open concept; there are plenty of areas to lounge all around and all the areas of interest seem to flow harmoniously into one another.  Give this place a try you'll be sure to love it! I'm happy I finally have a place to go when I'm in Maricopa!!! PS- They have laser tag too!
I travel a lot and spend a lot of my time at random airports around the world. Over the past 2 months I have passed through the Phoenix airport 5 times.  I have tried this place 4 times. I have to say I have been very impressed with the food.  It is a much fresher and healthier option then most airports offer.  I would give this place a full 5 stars; but the service has been poor each visit.  The first visit I thought it was a fluke.... I ordered a roast beef panini... After 20 min of waiting I went up to ask where my sandwich was and they had lost my order.  My second and third visits I had to ask someone behind the counter to take my order....in both cases the employees were just chit chatting behind the counter....This is an airport place....I would assume most people passing though are like me and are in a hurry.  Sitting around waiting for employees to finish personal conversations is not an option.  That being said... The food is good.
Let's start with the good ....They have Ruffino Chianti -yes;that earns them a star right off the bat .I opted to try a salad ( they have a few ;most have corn in them ) So i had a pretty decent  chicken;spinach and apple salad .Everyone else had pizza -and really enjoyed the sausage and carmelized onion ( it looked good) though i think it may have been a dash under cooked ;IMO ..nobody seemed to notice or complain .The service was good and pretty fast .The not so great ...Way too noisy ;and the chairs were annoying;zero ambiance ;i found the atmosphere lacking warmth.Bottom line ;it is a decent option for a quick bite ;in my opinion .
one of the better vietnamese restaurants around. i like any of the bun or rice dishes.
First time at America's was a great experience. Friendly staff and very quick service. The patio looked very nice; but it was a little too cold so we sat inside. They did a great job converting this old home into a nice cozy restaurant. I had the Al Pastor (marinated pork) burrito and it was delicious. The chips and salsa were terrific as well. I only wish they were open later than 9pm (10p on the weekends). We need some quality late night eateries in AZ.
Great quality meat and service with a smile!!
Outstanding food and service. We met the nicest server Courtney and always try to sit at one of her tables. The manager very friendly and kept checking on us. We always start with the Santa Fe Chicken Dip never enough!The filets and prime rib have the best flavor. My husband loves the lobster.Great romantic atmosphere. We look forward to our next dinner.
I went here on a Friday night; and like everyone else says; it is your average bowling alley.  However; I did not care for the customer service.  I called around 2pm to book two lanes for my husband and I; as we are practicing on bowling not just hanging out like most other people.  I was told that they booked us two lanes and when I showed up at 7pm; we only got one lane; which would normally be okay; but there were clearly lanes available.  Then; the people next to us were acting quite immature and not even bowling most of the time.  They were walking down the lane and lying down on the ground.  This was annoying especially because they received two lanes for three people and when I brought this up to the front desk; they didn't have anything to say; which I feel was plain rude.  In fact; when I brought this up to the front desk; they looked at me like I was stupid and then they saw for themselves that the people next to us were walking down the oiled lane!  I don't mind having one lane; but don't tell me that I am going to have two lanes and change it just because there are kids there the same age of the staff.  I will not be returning back to this location; I am going back to Union Hills Lanes; where the customer service is awesome!
I recently visited the Road Runner Sports to buy shoes for my father-in-law; who used to be an dedicated runner and fitness fanatic.  Unfortunately; he suffered a broken hip and can no longer run...in fact walking can be a challenge these days.  So; we went to Road Runner Sports for new shoes and we met Trace.  Trace was outstanding; helping us find appropriate shoes while being compassionate; patient and professional. She provided us expert recommendations and exceeded our expectations! Thank you Trace!
This is my favorite place to go bowling in the valley; primarily because the customer service is awesome!  I go bowling fairly regularly and I have been pleased with the lane conditions; food; customer service; and overall cleanliness.  I will definitely continue to go back to this location!
My husband and I took our two children 7 & 9 on vacation during the Christmas break to Wild Horse Pass in Arizona. It was our first time to Arizona and our dream to ride in the desert. We booked two trail rides. The first was with the group. There were all different level riders and all age groups. Having been on trail rides before and having served as a guide in my youth; I was very impressed at the level of professionalism.  They put the safety of the riders first; with a guide placed closed to the youngest and least experienced riders. They let nothing get past them. Everyone came back with nice things to say; happy and laughing. Our private ride was even better. We were taken out on a different trail in search of the wild horses. We spent time chatting with the guide and learning about the reservation and the creatures that inhabit the land. We trotted as much as my 7 year old requested and at a safe pace. I am a cautious person when it comes to horses and I felt very secure especially with the guide who never left my 7 year-olds side.  I have nothing but good things to say about the staff and horses at Koli Equestrian. We came away feeling like we have gained new friendships and cannot wait to go back so we can ride every day and add private lessons to our agenda.
First off; I've seen a few people complaining about service...and I have to imagine these are people that complain about the service everywhere and are probably just a pain in the ass to deal with. I've eaten here quite a few times over the years and have had nothing but impeccable service from the man and woman who are always there; I believe they are the owners.  I've usually been thanked before my meal is through multiple times; they really appreciate the customers they have.They do like to highlight their lamb dishes; and say that they are on special but they are pretty much always being served and they are all crazy good.If you want to have a great meal; here is what I recommend.The hummus with pine nuts.  Follow that up with the mousakka or lamb shank.  Get the tomato soup that everyone raves about...my buddy and I both have agreed multiple times that it's hands-down the best tomato soup we've had.If you are still hungry after all of that....their baklava and coffee are great to end on.I find it hilarious that people will dis on this place and say they should have went to Pita Jungle instead -- have fun with that!
Great food. Large variety of choices. Sometimes a little too noisy; but overall a great place to go eat and have a beer.
I've been a fan of Port of Subs since I moved out here to Phoenix back in 2005.  I love everything about them; and last night was no exception. It was Friday night and I was hungry!!!But; of all the port of subs; this ones open nice and late.  9PM during the week!!!  In other port of subs reviews; I have openly complained about the horrible hours that the hold; such as closing early (like 6PM on week nights) and some are closed on sundays....others close at 4PM on Saturdays.  Really? lunch only? you can't do like 7PM?  So this one's my favorite just due to the hours alone.I came here with my friend after hitting up a few other places. It's located right next to Lowe's in a little strip mall.  I went with the turkey and pastrami 5 inch sub as I always did; and really enjoyed it.  Staff was friendly; and food was prepared quickly.I will be back; and enjoy myself every time I'm here!
Listen; don't be fooled by those weak stars you see up there; this is no 3 star place. The food is absolutely BOMB! My goodness!First exposure to this place was at the Best Of Phoenix event at the Science Center; back in October. There they were serving a duck pate that was soo good I went back 3 times. I couldn't wait to get my hands on it again; but since then they've taken it off the menu; apparently people didn't order it enough. Well people have bad taste because that pate was incredible. Tonight; at the suggestion of a new friend's tweet (Proof: https://twitter.com/GPJFF/status/280127623324123137) I ordered the Kentucky Fried Quail and it was UH-mazing; especially that scrumptious gravy with the red beans.  My friends ordered the Prosciutto Flatbread (the pesto on it is soooo gooood!!) and the Short Rib (it's huge! He got a half order and couldn't finish it; even with sharing). We started with the Tater Tots with that really nice harissa (sp?) sauce; which I had never had before; and the Pulled Pork johnny cakes. What topped it all off though; were the incredibly rich desserts. I don't have much of a sweet tooth; so I never get dessert when I go out; but dang! The Doughnut Holes and that xocolatl (sp?) sauce just put me over the moon! Sooo good! Also; the Bread Pudding was cruciallll with the bacon ice cream? Bomb. So; so bomb. Nuff said; I'm coming back. I miss it already. Mmmmmmm
Went here for late dinner with friends upon the recommendation of a local.  Unassuming location in a strip mall.  Parking lot was crowded.  Inside was bustling.  Menu had small plates; salads; sandwiches and entrees.  Nice; balanced; without being overwhelming selection.  Burgers were well prepared.  Queso dip was great.  The corncake appetizer was unusual and popular with our group.  Full bar.  Attentive; friendly service.  Prices fair for portion size and quality.  Very nice experience.
Hands down; the best pizza in town. Sauce is a bit on the sweet side; which is delicious and unlike other pizzas you'll taste. Staff is always friendly and there's plenty of room in this place so wait times are not that bad. I'd recommend Spinato's to anyone!
Best sub place ever!  I started eating these subs back in Lawrence KS where they originated from and was so excited when they decided to move to AZ!  Great food; great service!
They get it right every time; and what a fest!
This is surprising gem of a restaurant. The food is very tasty; service was great. I'd go back for a special evening.
They do what they say they will do.  They are extremely thorough compared to previous companies I have used.  They also help identify other areas outside of pest control that may be improved to protect my family and my property and that's just cool!  I use them and I know others will be as happy as I am.  Legacy Pest Control is based out of Mesa. We live in San Tan Valley and they have no problem coming down to us.
I was rather disappointed with our visit to Mimi's Cafe this evening.  It started out with our waitress introducing a second waitress who was in training; selling it that we'd have twice the help.  Truth is; we had less help than expected.  Service was pretty slow; but the bigger issue I had was with the ordinary food.  I ordered the roasted turkey dinner.  It looked and tasted like an upgraded TV dinner; only larger.  The slices were perfect like them came from the frozen package that way.  The potatoes were ordinarily and all I could think about during the meal was Is this at all better than a TV dinner?   It wasn't bad.  It wasn't good either.  It was simply  not what I expect from Mimi's - which is usually delicious.
One class and already a big fan. Instructors are awesome; studio is clean and the variety of classes rocks.
My husband and I tried PVBC on impulse looking for a good/different burger place. I loved everything about this place! The atmosphere was chill; the burger brulee was amazing! My only complaint is the sugar on the fries; they were still good but the sweetness was a tad off putting. We will definetly return!
I've been coming to Mi Patio for about a decade and I've never not enjoyed it! The salsa is always fresh and delicious and the staff is really friendly. I love the loud colors and how lively it always feels in there. The food is great but I always leave feeling like I'm in a food coma.
I stopped in for a quick iced peppermint mocha and was very impressed all around. The staff was extremely friendly and excited to chat about the business. This place is not your typical coffee shop. They have tons of space to meet up and relax. They are also an art gallery with some beautiful pieces to look at. Culture is a good way to describe this business because they are really bringing a unique culture and vibe to the downtown Phoenix area. I always excited to discover places like this and support them with my business. I encourage everyone to check this place out and keep it alive!!
Top notch food and top notch service.  That is what you get at Capital Grille.A few notes:* The shrimp cocktail sauce lacks the kick of Mastro's atomic horseradish sauce and is blahhhhhhhh.* I ordered the Delmonico steak which was awesome but I should not have gotten the porcini sauce/rub because I don't think balsamic vinegar belongs anywhere near a steak IMHO.* Au Gratin potatoes had a wee too much garlic* Lobster mac n' cheese = PHENOMENALAnyway; I wish I could eat here for breakfast; lunch; and dinner every day if money or having a heart attack wasn't an issue.
I've Been Blessed.IHOP or Gallo Blanco?  IHOP or Gallo Blanco?  IHOP or Gallo Blanco?  Hmmmm.  The price point is close.  I've been blessed to travel outside the borders of the mighty USA; visit other nations; immerse briefly in other languages and cultures and return home to my enviably comfortable life.  I've also been blessed to travel in the nations inside our nation; experiencing the richness and languages of the Indigenous people.  But those are other stories.  A Southwest January morning; seven to nine AM in a simple concrete-floored room;  north and east glass walls; the rising sun filling the room with light. Clean lined; simple; sturdy furnishings;  local art on the walls;  local agriculture cooked and served; friendly service with a lovely countenance.   This makes heavenly moments in my book of life.If you've traveled some outside our nation's borders; at least the way I have; you'll find yourself in elemental cafes.  A cooking space; a counter; eating space.  Lots of windows; good ambient lighting.  Gallo Blanco(GB) poured me a cup full of memories.  I was looking for a place to sit; have a pastry and coffee; passing time until 9 am when my destination opened.  I ended up having a glass of fresh squeezed orange juice; and a plate of four freshly made crepes drizzled with honey and dolloped with whipped cream and apple compote.  Excellent.  Don't tell anyone; I brought my own cup of coffee into the Clarendon/GB.  I was treated to a refill.  The refill provided a thoughtful counterpoint about; What is good coffee anyway?   If you're in the locale; I encourage you to give the GB a try.  There are several good spots for breakfast within two miles.  Put GB in your rotation.  In the open airiness of GB; with it's echo dampening acoustic tiles in strategic ceiling spots; and nearby lobby seating of the Clarendon; a group could schedule productive breakfast meetings.   And that's most of my bit on GB.  What is good coffee?   Edra devoted several years of her life to me.  A globe-trotting ace; she mastered the art of good accommodations at reasonable prices without a travel agent just as Bell Labs learned to spell UNIX and DARPA funded a project ultimately named Internet that has made travel arrangements easy.    I had my first real cup of coffee in Portugal.  A decent old downtown Lisbon hotel serving petite dejeuner in a courtyard framed by box hedge and roses; lit mostly by winter sunlight.  A smooth; flavorful; nutty; medium-heavy roast non-acid cup like nothing I'd known before.  With a little cream; the perfect match for the giant flaky croissants served with butter and apricot preserves.  Maybe the memory makes it better than it was.  It was definitely the best cup of coffee I'd ever tasted served in a city with coffee houses three centuries old.  Our nation has embraced coffee sophistication.  More an orgy than an embrace; it tastes to me that the only way to be cool in the American coffee world is carbonize the beans; use way too much brew product; and deliver a cup of charcoal juice; harsh; yet dehydrating to the mouth.I had a taster's moment at GB.  I brought in a pretty good cup of custom-roast coffee with a decent array of flavors; slightly throat-parching. I got to compare it with GB's house/breakfast blend.  GB's coffee was smoother; with more flavor.  For me; this is a good place for a morning cup.  This concludes the GB moment.  And Edra; wherever you are; I hope you kept the bulimia under control.  You looked SO fine once you got that fifteen pounds back on your lithe frame and under your sagging skin.  Ummm; those sweet new curves.   So smart; so well-educated; well-traveled and hard-working.  How did the world ever create that self-image in you? Never mind.  I know how.The Clarendon hasn't forgotten Don Bolles; fighter for honesty and justice.  Neither should we.  Get up; stand up.
I'm usually no fan of the grill (I tend to opt towards decadent pastas and sumptuous soups); but Chelsea's Kitchen always turns me into a T-rex eating every animal in sight.  The meats and carnivorious fares are absolutely delicious.  I'm a huge fan of everything with fish at Chelsea's.  For appetizer; I recommend the chips w/ tuna tartare and guacamole.  Not a fan of raw fish?  Well; first of all; you're missing out and lacking in taste--no offense.  But second of all; try just chips and guacamole.  So delicious!  For entree; I'm a huge fan of the ahi tuna burger.  The blend of flavors is absolutely incredible!  The swordfish and steak tacos are pretty delectable as well.  Finish your meal with a slice of red velvet cake (complete with a scoop of house-made gelato and a mint leaf) and a salted chocolate chip cookie on your way out.  However; you can't go wrong with any meal at Chelsea's.  I also highly recommend the Arnold Palmer--they say it's the same one as the Arnie at LGO; but I find Chelsea's Palmer to be much fresher and sweeter than it's counterpart down the street (or maybe it's just the juxtaposition between the general saltiness of the foods at Chelsea's and the inherent sweetness of tea and lemonade that makes it so particularly mouthwatering at CK).  But beware: Chelsea's does get pretty crowded on the weekend and even at dinnertime on weekdays; but the experience is well worth the wait.  If it's under 75 degrees; make sure to get a table on the inviting; intimate; and verdant patio.  If it's the typical 150 degree day; the cozy industrial-kitsch interior is fantastic as well.  Service is generally great and the servers are always extremely friendly and caring--however; they will subtly rush you if there's a wait; but the food and environment make up for any perceived rudeness you may experience.  Overall; Chelsea's is where I head to when I need to bulk up on protein.  Hope you have a yummy time at Chelsea's Kitchen!  Cheers!
SHoudl be called S--T in the Box.  Not only did they get the order wrong but the sirloin burger tasted worse then the angus burger oon Alaska airlines.... Try In - Out Burger instead.
You get your dollar's worth when you visit Luster! The gel manicure and pedicure was a little pricier then other mom and pop nail shops; but the service was above and beyond and made it worth every penny! I started with my pedicure. With the combination of the high-end massage chair and 30 minute leg massage; I wanted to purr and meow like a cat! Yes; I was just that comfortable. The technician spent a lot of time on my pedicure and payed close attention to the detail. She then did the salt scrub with an extensive massage on each leg; followed by the lotion with yet another massage to each leg! After two massages; my legs were in heaven! After my blissful pedicure; I moved over to the manicure station for a gel manicure. The gel manicure is similar to gel manicures at other salons; but they also include a neck and shoulder massage! It was delightful...well except for the ending when she started pounding on my back. Next time; I think I will ask her to stop the massage before the pounding starts. My sensitive back was sore after that! In addition to the neck and shoulder massage; they also give a hand massage. I left the salon with pretty nails and also a nicely limbs! It was the great way to spend a rainy day. This nail salon is clean; friendly and pays close attention to detail. Don't visit if you are in a hurry because they certainly take their time; but it's a great location for a long and leisurely spa appointment!
Love this place.  The staff is friendly & the food is always very good.  I usually get the chicken enchiladas.
Try the meatballs. They are pretty darn tasty. Cute casual eatery at The Biltmore.
I should have written this review a long time ago.  I've lived in Phoenix for 28 years and this is one of the nicest places in Phoenix.  As a photographer; I shoot a lot of events at the Civic Center; and I'm always impressed with the amount of care; given to this facility.  I have never seen a dirty floor; bathroom or window.  And whenever I get inside; I'm always impressed by the friendly and helpful employees.  The escalator was being repaired; this past Friday; and the two repairmen that I spoke to were very friendly; even though they were trying to get the repair finished.  I love the architecture; lighting and the views of downtown Phoenix; from the inside of the Civic Center.  The only negative about the Civic Center is Starbucks and the Food Court.  The Starbucks drinks are a dollar higher than the other Starbucks locations and the food court menu is expensive and leaves a lot to be desired.  I've never eaten anything at the food court that set well with my stomach; and they are way overpriced.
lady that worked in the shop was a little awkward to talk to but she was very helpful and put together a beautiful bouquet for a reasonable price. would recommend!
My husband and I have been here a few times now.  We love that it is walking distance from our house and the outdoor patio is great!  Staff is always super friendly and courteous; even when we are those people bringing our stroller with infant.  Food is awesome and so is there sangria.  Everything I have eaten has been phenomenol; with the exception of the wings.  The wings need a lot of help!  They were fatty; and rubbery.  Not a fan.. but everything else is A+
I will never go back to this place again!! They took advantage of my daughter  who is 18 and not knowledgeable about cars. She went in for a car wash and they tried to talk her into $250 of repairs. They finally talked her into a wax costing $60 that she did not need.
Awesome food great service!!
I needed an oil change and to replace spark plugs in my car on a Saturday. Went to a couple of other shops in the area but no one could get me in for the day. Went to Master Brakes which is right by where I workout. I walked in and was greeted by Jerry who said he'd get me in and out TODAY even if they had 20 cars. Went to the gym to kill time. Jerry called and said I needed a couple more plugs and they gave me a ride to get them! Even better; when I returned and waiting in the lobby; a lady had been in there for several hours and another repairman came in; acknowledged she had been waiting awhile; and offered to take her to get something to eat and offered to pay! This place definitely knows what customer service means aside from providing excellent repair services. Highly recommend! I will be back!
Very good food.  Nice atmosphere.  A bit expensive for Mexican food.  Kind of noisy; some party was in the room next door.  The red salsa was very good.  The green salsa was a bit too sweet.  The chips were crisp and fresh.Got the cheese enchilada lunch special.  One of the best I've ever had.  The beans very nice and covered with cheese.  The rice was kind of boring; but not bad.The service was great.
Kiku sushi also have a facebook page feel free you like and share the pagehttp://www.facebook.com/KikuRevolvingSushiBar
HUMONGOUS HOTCAKES! And my breakfast eggs were cooked just as I ordered them. And the homemade patty-sausage (choice of hot or mild) was incredible. Yep; I'm a new and big fan of Black Bear Diner for breakfast.  Everything on the breakfast menu looked so good that it was hard to make a choice on my first visit here. But my choice was more than satisfying and scrumptious; so I will be back another day to try some of the other choices - - like French toast bear claws . . .how could you go wrong with that sweet treat?I only had one small disappointment. The coffee was too bitter for me. I like mine strong; dark and smooth. Add cream and it should be a rich soft brown. But; I know how one likes their coffee; as how they like their men; is just a matter of taste; But; for me . . . rich and smooth; nothing bitter!Bring it on Black Bear; I will return to this family oriented place for breakfast again.
Came here for a Happy Hour after some work meetings in town. This place is nice; but I will say my time was ruined..as there were about 4 families; all with loud kids screaming.Not to be rude; but I do to happy hour to unwind..and I am not sure this place did the trick. It is nice atmosphere  and very fancy; which drives the price; but  hard to enjoy fancy with babies around.
Location is the ONLY reason I go to this gym and I've been going to this location and others for the past five years.  This past fall; I had gone to the gym after a few months hiatus.  I was on the treadmill for 30 minutes then went back to my locker.  It was broken into.  My purse and phone were taken but not my car keys or Smart Water.  I guess the robber must have seen what I drove (hint: it's probably an inside job )  There were only 2 staff members on site; both young men-no women on staff (hint: hint: it's probably an inside job then) A police officer did come and I reported the robbery which was the 3rd in two weeks!  The next day; I spoke with the manager.  The same speech he's probably have told others; you can tell the bottom line is the only thing he cares about.  I lost everything plus a $100 bill which was my b-day money and I've spent over a few grand for membership.  I did receive a refund for 3 months but still REALLY!  'Well you shouldn't leave stuff in the locker.  These people go to gym to gym.  We have signs that tell you not to leave items in the lockers...ummm it was locked and I've been going here for over four years and have never had an issue until now. If you are having robberies; you NEED to tell people not just a sign!  Plus one of the staff told me they were having major issues this past fall...umm that's not someone from the outside that's a staff member doing the robberies!  I found out last week there were MORE robberies!  So if you are looking for a gym; move on and go somewhere else.  It's not the cleanest gym but I like the sauna and that's about it! And then I get a call that they found my purse and calendar in a locker.  The manager never followed up with me and when I got my items they were sfuffed in a drawer and the staff member didn't even seem to care.  I think it's time for a new staff and management!
rolled tacos and bean burrito for xmas breakfast.free wifi; cold water.not busyshould be; very few places open today.worth a try
I just moved down to Arizona from Utah; where I fell in love with Smashburger.  I love the flavor of their burger!  It was a bit of a drive from Gilbert; but well worth the trip.  My only complaint was that the counter girl who took my order was clearly not schooled in customer service and seemed disinterested in even being there...if that experience were to continue; I would likely not return often; as a smile and a greeting is the minimum standard that I expect for service; even at a burger joint.  Thankfully; the burgers were so good that I forgot all about the bad service at the counter; and enjoyed my meal.  In addition; there was a person who came by and brought my wife and mother-in-law complimentary lettuce and tomatoes for sandwiches that did not normally include those items; and did so at no charge.  I was very impressed with their desire to make us happy; which far outweighed the poor attitude of the teenage girl who took our order.  The regular fries and sweet potato fries were very good.  My mother-in-law had a chocolate shake; which she loved!  The prices are high for a burger joint; but in my opinion it is well worth it; just for the flavor...and I recommend the mushroom swiss burger  I love that I will be able to continue my love affair with Smashburger now that I live in Arizona!  Five stars from me!!
I've actually stopped here a few times when I have had the mid morning munchies on my route.  Service has always been quick and friendly.
Nice place. Not swanky but not crappy either. Great for a one or two night stay. But not really the place I'd want to stay at for several days.
The Symphony Hall will always have a special place in my heart; since I associate it with spending time with my mom and sister; watching the ballet and symphonies growing up.Yelp provided the latest opportunity for us to see the Nutcracker this Sunday. The Symphony Hall was just as I remembered it when I was little. However; it threw me off since the front entrance is now directly connected to the Convention Center. This was actually quite nice since you can park in the convention center parking garage and go directly indoors through the convention center lobby to the Symphony Hall without having to go outside when it's cold or super hot outside depending on the season.I loved walking in and seeing the giant lighted Christmas tree and the storyteller surrounded by small children; listening to him read from a storybook. The open shop was selling Nutcracker souveniers like Christmas ornmaents; shirts; and CDs. There were the bars serving hot chocolate; coffee; and holiday drinks. All memories were intact; just as I remembered it! The Nutcracker ballet itself had changed; but for the better! There was a ton of special effects. The opening scene was gorgeous with the ornate ballroom. The rat costumes were hilarious! I loved them. Even the Nutcracker himself had the most adorable costume. I'm used to seeing costumes at Disney light up and have special effects; but I never expected our own valley Nutcraker to have all the same effects. These special effects never took away from the actual ballet though. The artistry and talent of the ballet dancers was evident and classic even with the added modern effects. Those ballet dancers were truly amazing; and I'm so grateful that this traditional delight can still being enjoyed by people of all ages and backgrounds.
Skee Ball; Shuffleboard; Darts; Foosball; board games; etch-a-sketch and a neighborhood feel.  Always a good time at the Little Woody.  The only complaint I have about this joint is the overwhelming sulfuric scent emanating from the women's bathroom in the front of the bar.  Not sure if this is like this always but the last few times I've been here it was almost enough to make me ralph.
I had two friends warn me that Sapporo is sceney.  However; it was not in the least when I went with two friends on a Thursday night recently.  Food was OK; nothing spectacular.  Loud restaurant but it was a mix of families; couples; and groups -- certainly not a scene.
I was happy with the friendly service at the counter and the speedy wash. I particularly happy with their hours as they close at 6pm and most places close around 6 during this time of year. The only reason I didn't give 5 stars is because I can always nit-pick places they missed in the interior; but that's going to be most places. Overall good experience!
My experience went from amazing to not so good. My actual dress shopping was great! Flor was my consultant and was so wonderful! I only tried on 3 dresses total before finding the one. Then the alterations... It was a disaster. I asked the woman for a price and I was told she needed to pin to figure it out. After 2 hours of pinning; she told me it would be $357!!! That's outrageous. I had to make the decision; and ended up telling her to unpin everything because I truly believed that I could get it cheaper. I'm so glad I did; because I found perfect bride alterations in Phoenix who did my alterations for MUCH cheaper; and she did a perfect job. A few things to consider... Try your dress on with AND without the bra thing they try to sell you. Also; do price shopping for your alterations before committing to David's... I bet there's a good chance you can find it for cheaper and just as good (if not better) quality.
I love HomeGoods and was super excited that they were opening up in my backyard. This store is a lot cleaner and more organized than the one in Desert Ridge. It could be because they just opened up; but I hope they're able to keep it this way. Every time I go they always have new merchandise. HomeGoods is a great place to go if you're looking for cheap home decor or unique gifts like Lilly Pulitzer stationary.
After a couple of visits here; I have resolved never to have plastic surgery and to remain a healthy eater.  These girls show a LOT and the guys really dig it.  I just don't think I would be comfortable with all that close-up leering.  Oh well; the review is for the food; beer; and service.  They have a great tap selection; decent bar food; and fabulous customer service!  The one thing I truly don't like is that sitting on the inside side of the bar; I am still subjected to mega-smoke and cold from the smoker's patio that has the flaps down for cold weather.  I don't know how I was ever able to stand going to bars before indoor smoking bans; and this is a great reminder of how icky they were.
We are dog stalkers.  When I visit Phoenix; I really; really miss my dog back home.  We come here to watch dogs run and play.  Sometimes we even get to play with them!  I leave feeling happier.  Aside from my selfish reasons for coming here; this place is expansive and very well-maintained.  People are friendly and keep their dogs under  control.  There are two areas; one for nice dogs; and one for aggressive dogs.
Good food quick service even when busy and good prices
The afternoon tea was FABULOUS!!!  Our servers took great care of us and even made my mom's day when they double-checked with me to ensure that yes; she really is the age I said she was.  We were celebrating my mom's birthday and I treated her to an evening stay at the Biltmore.  I must say that the AZ employee's rate is great and is what prompted us to stay!The staff was incredibly helpful and friendly!  We asked for more towels and ended up with enough for us; the neighbors and maybe the entire hotel!A couple of downsides however --1.  I was expecting more luxury.  The AZ Biltmore is touted around here for being luxurious.  The stay was no more great than a stay at a Hilton (which they are owned by).  The property is old and is in a noticeable state of repair.  It needs work.  The rooms are cold and drafty; the wallpaper is peeling; and there is obvious wear and tear in the lobby.2.  Frank and Alberts = thumbs down.  The server disappeared for many minutes at a time and only refilled my water when asked.  The food was okay; but not worth the price.That being said; we had a wonderful stay!  If you have not been; you must go; and take the time to go to the 3rd floor and check out the history room!
There are two reasons I decided I live too far from Potbelly to get take-out again.1. The ambience is really nice -- low-key; lots of wood; free wi-fi; cheerful customer service -- so it seems a shame not to enjoy it. I sense that eating here would soothe nerves shattered by particularly lively shopping sprees at Nordstrom Rack.2. My sandwich smelled so good that I had to resist unwrapping it and eating it in the car. Repeatedly.This is not your heaped-with-meat New York deli-style sandwich: those are usually at the $8-and-up price point rather than $5 price point. That said; the meat is much better quality than what Subway offers: the taste says oh; hai Martha Stewart! rather than cheap lunch.So this place has great potential as an economical yet gracious spot for lunch.
Came out with family; this trip the machines seemed tighter on payouts more than usual; overall good trip just cost more this go than normal to play food at cafe 87 was great as usually is was understaffed this time prob due to holiday season beer prices also have gone up since last trip
Not real impressed.   Our first visit and we certainly expected more.   Burgers are good; along with the onion rings.   Salad are of good proportion but dressing are not good at all.   Very watered down and no flavor.   Same with some of the condiments. We like ranch with fried zuccini.  The ranch was so watered down that it had no taste. We won't be going back.
apple walnut chicken salad = okdaily burger = ok
Best Frozen Yogurt in town.
This was our first time going to Someburros.  I've heard lots of people talk about it; but until recently had never eaten any of their food.  We recently went to a party where we learned that the party throwers had ordered all of the food from Someburros.  We were loved the hot sauce and decided that we had to go in and get some for ourselves.We went on Sunday afternoon and only ordered chips and hot sauce to go.  The chips were stale - had to toss them in the oven when we got home.  The hot sauce IS tasty.  The service is horrible at this place!  The server was annoyed by our questions; was unfriendly and seemed unhappy to be working.  We felt like we were bothering her rather than her being willing to offer up good customer service.  Despite the close proximity to our home; we won't be going back to this restaurant.  Rather; we'll be going to Chili's for their bottomless chips and salsa when we want a quick chips and salsa snack fix!
Huge portions great food; iffy neighborhood
Sky Harbor is by far my favorite airport; it's easy to navigate; has free Wi-Fi; and provides free cell phone lots if you're waiting to pick someone up. It's a happy accident that it's also my home town airport!
Great sandwiches! I love this place!
Read some of the reviews for this place; and decided to try it.  Since I'm not from the area; I heavily rely on word-of-mouth and Yelp for all of my reviews.  The reviews for this place seemed promising; but I expected better than what I received.  Don't get me wrong; the food was good; but there is better sushi than here.  Granted; this place is cheaper; so if you want to go for inexpensive sushi with really great happy-hour specials; then this place is for you....considering their happy hour ends at closing.
I will admit I'm not much of a pie person unless it's pecan pie. However; Mama Toledo's has won me over. On three separate occasions; we've tried the chocolate pie; the coconut pie; and the pumpkin cheesecake. All were delicious! The crust is flaky and good; which is high praise coming from a gal who doesn't like crust. The husband; who loves crust; agrees it's really good. I really enjoyed that the pies tasted super fresh. They are also reasonably priced for a quick and tasty dessert. Definitely something to check out if you are ever given the chance!
great food; totally legit vietnamese food. little hole in the wall for sure. we had to wait about 10-15 mins for a table for 4 people. fast and efficient staff. we ordered spring rolls and everyone got pho. the vietnamese iced coffee was delicious. this was our first time here and def. will come back for pho. not to mention its authentic and cheap! perfect lunch on a weekend with friends.
I ate here with my sis n her hubby bubba; it was good; i have not ate at one of these places for a long time; i skipped over pizza section of the menu and had the jambalaya; not sure how to spell it; but it was good; could of been spicier; i prefer mine with rice instead of pasta; either way it was yummy to scarf down like i hadnt eaten for a week; also had some appetizer items; asparagus n arugula salad; light n yum; n some guac n chips; also fresh and tasty and some egg rolls of some sort also on the app menu; they were too effin good.
Room was fresh and clean with nice linens  and modern updates.   Got a midweek AAA rate of $89 for single king.
There are so many kinds of wines to pick from.  I was wandering up and down the aisles looking for my MIL's favorite wine.  To my surprise they did not carry it.  Then I went home to research doesn't seem they make this kind anymore?  Anyways; they have super helpful employees.  He suggested a sweet white wine.  I hope she likes it!!!
Yep; solid 5 stars again.  Two for two visits-- does that mean 10 stars???I struggled to not order the Rosa.  This time I went with the Sonny Boy and was not disappointed.  Just the right amount of (wonderful) salami.Don't dink around with the choices.  As per my previous review I will say again: trust the artistry.  Seldom will you find a crust this good; and almost never will you find it this well prepared.  Notice the indifferently blackened crust in the  photo; and on YOUR pie.  Just GO there!
Snowflakes were falling in Phoenix!  Well; at least on stage during Ballet Arizona's performance of the Nutcracker.Upon entering the Symphony Hall; we were greeted by a festive holiday atmosphere; complete with multiple Christmas trees.  Some were even decorated with pointe ballet shoes.  Nice touch!  Also festive (but in a different way) was the bar where I happily obtained a bit of wine and a chocolate chip cookie -  yum!Before the performance; we had the opportunity meet Michael; the Director of Production.  Such a large scale production requires a significant commitment of time and effort.  He shared some of the details that go into making the magic we would see onstage.  I think I enjoyed the watching the show even more; having a bit of insight into what is required to be 'audience perfect'.  On with the show!  This was a beautiful performance of the classic holiday ballet.  From the sets to the music to the amazingly talented and graceful dancers everything was even better than I could have anticipated.  I enjoyed the modern touches; including making the mice a little less scary and more comical.  :)Thank you Lindsey; Michael and the cast and crew of Ballet Arizona for a beautifully memorable afternoon!
I love this place the pizza's are outstanding and the Gelato is excellent; look for their groupon well worth a trip !!!
Just go.  Husband and I went and saw Tony and Sana for a 90 min. Thai yoga massage and a 30 min. foot massage bonus.  It's one of the best massages we've ever had - also super reasonable in cost; especially when compared to traditional Swedish or deep tissue; but much more effective.
I have not been much of a Dillards shopper until lately. I have to say so far I am very happy here. Came in again the other day while we were at Chandler Mall. It was a crazy busy day inside the mall.The staff was still helpful and friendly.  One girl in housewares even got us a special box and held it for us until we were ready to leave the mall. That is really above and beyond.The store is clean ;well lit; and bathrooms are also clean and well matained.The selection in the strore is very nice; very high end these days.Parking was a bit outragous; but it is the month of Christmas.
Shoes! Omg...shoes....Love this place. The staff here has always been nice; and helpful. Great selection of designers; decent prices (especially on sale items); and something for everyone for every occasion.
Over the lips; past the gums; look out stomach here it comes!!!! For a fast food Mexican Food joint; I have to say this one is pretty tasty! I LOVE their Super Nachos! They also have decent tacos and yummy rice and beans. If you don't catch them when they are busy) you don't always get the freshest ingredients; as in sometimes I have had stale chips; or the meat wasn't as good as it usually is...... so try hitting this place during the normal B;L and D time rush. Also if you're looking for a late night snack; this place is open 24/7 so being able to stuff your face with pretty decent Mexican Food; is better than no food at all :) I have to say I will keep visiting Fiesta Burrito rather than their competition! They are better than FillyB's and close to my bf house! Alway a plus when we feel like grabbing something quick! I just wish they would stop being delicious sometimes and meh the next! Consistency is nice!
Great chicken very flavorful! One of the best El Pollo Loco I've been to ever.
Love this place. I got their Ahi Tuna Burger and an order of Sweet Potato Fries. Both were amazing! The Ahi Tuna Burger had a nice peppery taste and not at all fishy. The bun was amazing too. The Sweet Potato Fries with the Pineapple dipping sauce were kind of spicy and sweet at the same time. I will definitely be back! Simply Amazing!
It's diner food - take it for face value.  The burger was ok; the onion strings were not great.
My husband & I recently went there for a Port tasting ;;;to say it was a disappointment is an understatement.  We have been there several times & live only a few miles away. With that said - the Port tasting was a DISASTER! GO NOT GO THERE FOR TASTINGS!! Unlike most tastings they mark up the bottles by 100% in order to make $$ & sell their very mediocre food.  The pours were so uneven they ran out of Port for several people!! We had all paid $20 & the pours were uneven - BS!!!!!  I was livid & then they served us a tomato/basil/.crap flatbread complimentary - WTH?? with Port?? Obviously these people know NOTHING about wine pairings.  My husband & I were very disappointed in the service; food; price point of bottles (laughable really) & the overall experience!  DO NOT GO TO THIS RESTAURANT!!!!!!!!!!
The donuts taste like; well; donuts. I prefer mine cold and they tend to only serve theirs hit; though. What really irritated me was the fact that their iced coffee is a joke! It was so watered down and tasted like they just poured their hot coffee over ice before they served it to me. My husband got the red velvet iced drink; and he said it was great. So I guess if you want a fancy; sugary drink with your just ok donuts this is your place! I definitely still prefer Dunkin Donuts.
This is the only vet I will ever take my dogs again.  We have 5 dogs so we are frequent visitors to Bark Avenue.  One of our older dogs has high blood pressure and we are in every week for a check up.  We recently got a black lab and took her in to see if she was up to date on her shots.  Dr. Orr (who is AMAZING) took care of everything.  Dr Orr is definitely the best part about this place.  She is very thorough and gentle with the dogs; they all love her.  The staff is also very nice and welcoming. What's also cool is there is a pet supply store and resort right next store.  Although I don't travel often; if I ever needed to board my dogs I would definitely go there.  I will never go anywhere else because I know my dogs are in the best of hands here.
You walk in and wonder if you are in the right place.... Kind of shabby looking.  But the food does not disappoint.  Full bar and decent sushi; lots of Chinese restaurant dishes.  Try the duck!  Service was excellent - See you again; AC!
My wife and I have frequented this restaurant a number of times and had grown to love this place. But yesterday's experience will be our last.I had made an on-line reservation; and in the request comments of their website I specified that I was bringing my wife for dinner to celebrate her birthday on 12/12/12 (date of our reservation).  We walked in about 10 minutes early; I specified who the reservation was for and we walked right in. At the time (6PM); the restaurant was still empty (it was more than half full by the time we left; about 60 minutes later).  The food is always top notch at Fogo de Chao. The salad bar (especially the smoked salmon; various cheeses and sun dried tomatos are some of our favorites) is well stocked with specialty items.The meats are always excellent and the diversity offered is the main attractive element of this place.  So where did things start to go wrong for us?I should mention that we accompanied dinner with a couple of glasses of sparkling wine.  Things started going downhill when our glasses were empty. Both my wife and I were not in a drinking mood; and so; at the first instance of being asked whether we desired more wine; we respectfully declined.  Less than 30 seconds later we were asked again; by a different waiter - this time we thought it was kind of funny to have so much attention paid to us (and we figured that since I had mentioned it was my wife's birthday; they wanted to pay a little extra care to our table); but we declined again.  Not more than 30 seconds later; a different waiter comes by again and asks us the exact same question.  Now it was downright annoying.  Not more than 1 minute later; we received the precise exact question.  My answer this time was more curt; We do not want any more wine. Fortunately; they did not come back a 5th time.I have noticed that there is little comminucation among the service staff at Fogo de Chao.  The right hand rarely knows what the left hand is doing.At this point we had concluded our dinner and the waiter had removed our plates. I was expcting a little slice of birthday cake with a candle to drop by any second. Instead; the waiter comes by with our check.  I was upset at this turn of events.  We're not at In-N-Out here paying $10 for a couple of burgers; and was taken aback that apparently nobody had read my reservation comments - what is the point of including such comments?I went to the front desk and told the hostess that I was disappointed that Fogo de Chao could not even acknowledge my request. I was asked what my name was and I specified the name of my reservation.  I was told; I'm sorry but I just forgot; was the reply.  Really? So I'm spending well over $100 (including drinks) and the reply that I receive is I'm sorry but I forgot?.The hostess then asked what table we were at; and mentioned that they would be bringing something by very soon. We waited for 10 minutes and decided to just pay our bill as bothof us wanted to get out of there. Finally; a different waiter came by with a slice of cake; apologizing for the hostess (again with the she forgot commentary) with a candle for my wife.It is the little things that make such a dinner memorable. Fogo de Chao completely dropped the ball; in my opinion.  They did remove our drinks from the bill; but instead left a sour taste in our mouths.  Asking us 4 times; within a 2 minute interval; if we want more wine is more important to them than paying attention to the small but crucially significant details that make a birthday dinner special.
Solid gourmet brick oven pizzas; good craft brews on tap; friendly service; and a covered patio. What's not to like? Consistently good; and the Pizza & Salad lunch combos are a nice change of pace. Had the Meat Lovers pie this weekend; and it is pork-tastic.
When I first was in this restaurant; I asked the employees what region of Mexico is the food served in the restaurant from. One of the waiters told me; Mexico. I said I see your food is Mexican. It says that on the door but what region is it from? Oaxaca; Senora; Baja? One of the employees then said it is New Mexican. I asked so is it Americanized Mexican Food? I was then told there is a pepper that only grows in New Mexico that all the food is flavored with. I asked what are the vegetarian entrees. The employee told me she could not remember and left me to read through the menu until I found one. They also had some cookies called bruschettitos. I said to the employee; I know bruschetta are twice baked cookies. What kind of cookies are these? Mexican wedding cookies? She said she did not know but she said they are really good with milk or coffee. I ordered a vegetarian burrito which came with a side of beans and rice. I ordered this to go. The burrito is the worst burrito I have ever had. I ate one bite and could not eat any more. I could eat two bites of the rice. Only the pinto beans were good. The employees do not seem to know anything about the food they are serving. Apparently one employee thinks Mexico is a region of Mexico.
An Indian restaurant inside a Holiday Inn? If it were anything but Tandoori Times I might have thought twice before trying!I've only ordered takeout; but the food is as you'd expect if you've eaten at either of their other 2 locations; which is to say; its good.The decor of the restaurant is modern and upscale; but both times I've picked up takeout the place was almost completely empty. If you show up and this is the case; don't be discouraged; the food is good and their bar looks fully stocked!
We really like this place.  Have been here a few times in the last year and always satisfied with the food and service.  Meals are prepared fresh and the tea selection excellent.  It's a bit on the pricey side but the ingredients seem worth it.
In a word; YUMMY!  You wil not leave the table hungry either. Great value; and quality food. Been coming here since they opened. Enjoy!
These guys are terrific.  They do quality work at reasonable prices.  They have done complete services for us and also dropped everything to solve a minor problem for which the total charge was $5 for the part. If you live anywhere in Scottsdale find their shop.
I absolutely love the Farm.  It's a great place to bring out of town guests and always nice just to walk around on a day you don't have much else going on and enjoy the gardens and a yummy treat. I had plans to meet a friend for lunch here yesterday but she had to cancel and I thought why should I miss out; so I packed up the baby and we went ourselves. I had a delicious roasted vegetable and portobello sandwich which only could have been better if the veggies and mushrooms were warm.  After my sandwich we walked around and looked and the chickens; what was growing in the gardens and enjoyed some of the raspberry bar I bought with lunch. What a perfect lunch.
This place sucks. The food is horrible. I just moved here from Long Island and I am not impressed at all. I guess you guys have never had good Chinese food.
I drove by yesterday to get a sandwich ;they are long gone ;that didn't last long
So I have eaten at this place twice and the reason I give it 2 stars is primarily the atmosphere and very friendly staff. The ambience is cool; fresh and bright. The staff is very attentive and nice. Now to the food. Very mediocre. Had a hard time believing it was on the food network. The Wolfpack was just a plain tasting meal. And the second time I went I ordered chicken fried steak. The gravy was sooo bland I scraped it off the meat. The home fries were also kind of lackluster compared to other breakfast eateries in Gilbert such as Liberty Market or the Farmhouse just as examples. What really had me miffed on the second visit; my friend and I sat at the bar. Shortly after we arrived another couple sat next to us. We all waited about 20 minutes maybe a little more for our food. But the couple that sat next to us got their meal paid for bc of the wait and my friend and I didn't. We waited just as long and also had a single item each. Just didn't seem right but all I can say is that I have no imnmediate plans to return. I believe two chances is enough especially after this incident.
Very helpful staff and nice open sales floor; it didn't have that skeezy/creepy vibe you can get from your typical sex shop.  As a single female I highly recommend this place and never felt uncomfortable or out of place; it truly is one stop shopping!  Love it!
Back in the day; Capriotti's used to have only one location and 20 years ago I ate there in Rhehoboth Beach; DE. The cheesesteaks were what what made them famous; but now everybody likes their turkey; except me. They still use dark and white meat mixture for their turkey sandwiches; a big red flag for me; signifying cheapness and indifference to customer demands and the culture of today. They should have switched to all-white years ago. Ok; knowing all that; I went with the small chicken cheesesteak and this was a solid hot sandwich with the free addition of onions and sweet peppers. With a bag of chips; the price was under 9 bucks. Not a great deal; but if you see a capriotti's at least you know it will be a solid meal at almost any location.
Very clean and good location. Been here several times; usually for happy hour; and have never had a bad experience. Nothing super special but the Bees is a good solid choice for food or drinks when you don't feel like thinking about where to go.  They recently got Kilt lifter in which is a bonus!Honestly its a solid place for those trying this budget thing out.  There are many specials and the food is always decent enough.  Service is friendly; but at times can be sketchy.  But since they are rotating servers all the time; I can't hold that too much against them.Its a solid 3 star place.  But remember; its applebees; so you should know what to expect.
If Japan had these I would renounce my life of crimeThis Lizard is Pissed with all of the; stay close to the bathroom jokes. take a probiotic and get to it! jennifer M. is in  need of more first world problems....a word to the wise; when ordering street food or grease pit: if it comes from the sea it stays away from me.say it with me  if it comes from the sea it stays away from me.ALL TOGETHER NOW! if it comes from the sea it stays away from me.learn it. live it. love it.
Clean.  Plenty of lanes open (rarity!).  Was able to get in and out of this location in less than 10 minutes!  WINNING!
I've enjoyed Thai food in lots of places; but Malee's is my favorite anywhere. We eat here every time we come to Phoenix and are never disappointed. They serve stuff you can't find anywhere else; and it's all done with a flair. This time I ordered some of the lettuce wraps. Spicy and very yummy.  We always order the crispy basil chicken and the crispy pla. This place is very special. The best!
Best place to buy wine in town.  Buy their brand Zinfandel; and you'll be pleased in your investment.  Some other stuff; is a little pricey; but they're all non-GMO.
I've been working with this gym awhile.. I recently just recovered from a broken wrist and brenden have worked with me very well in making up my own work outs or incorporating different exercises in lieu of others for the WOD. I fully recommend this gym to anyone who is interested! If you are big or small or think you are fit come check this place out!
I completely enjoyed my meal at Binkley's.  I didn't know exactly what to expect when we made a reservation to dine here; which may have added to the charm of the night.Driving up to the restaurant set the stage for the meal...  up through the desert; with the black sky allowing the stars to twinkle their icy lights as we passed through a very western group of plazas...  Truly something you don't experience everyday while living in Silicon Valley!  This night in particular was quite chilly; so when we entered the restaurant; we welcomed the warm air immediately.  I must admit that I have never had fine dinning quite the way I experienced at Binkley's.  There was no air of stuffiness and no waiters speaking in hushed tones.  The dining areas were filled with people enjoying their meals and their company; tons of laughter!  Definitely not the norm for fine dining.Our food was outstanding!  One dish that I regret I did not get myself; but that I was able to sample; was their truffle risotto.  Oh man; my husband and I had a few tastes of our cousin's dish and instantly became envious!  The best part came when a server asked him if he would like additional black truffle shavings on top...  Ridiculous!  I thought; Sure; let's put even more magic into this dish!  And she just kept shaving and shaving paper thin slices of black truffle into that risotto...  The presentation was truly meticulous.  I had ordered the sweet potato pie as my dessert and was pleasantly surprised to see a deconstructed masterpiece.  It was so lovely that the woman next to me tried to change her dessert order upon seeing it; however she was a little too late.  All our servers were courteous and very knowledgeable of the food they presented to us.  Even the sommelier was charming and easy going.  I have found most sommeliers to be a tad snobby; however his explanation of each and every wine was done with a gentle; but authoritative tone.  I cannot think of a negative to say about them.  We will have to come back here...  Even if it's just for the risotto...
I was looking forward to another establishment this evening but due to some street fair I was unable to get in but it lead me to the Parlor and I am sooo glad it did.  The vibe was perfect and very cool but quaint and friendly.  A great crowd on this night; the staff was very helpful and friendly and ther service was great.  The food was amazing as were the prices and the wine.  Overall great experience.  The only thing; the parking lot is so tiny and hardly any available and only option was to valet and I'm not a big fan of that.
I tried this place during the Yelp Shop Local Crawl and with the 10% off check-in offer. I took my daughter and we split the shrimp and calamari salad with the fruit and cheese plate. The cheese plate had pistachios; olives; and chocolate; too....soooo yummy. The decor was swanky; yet comfortable; and prices very reasonable. This is a great place for lunch or dinner.
My favorite sandwich place in the valley! I LOVE the veggie turkey sub because it comes with vegetarian deli turkey slices and I don't know of any other place where this is available. A vegetarians dream come true!
My external hard drive failed; so I took it to Data Doctors to recover the data. They were able to recover the data and put it on another external hard drive for $350. I was able to open the hard drive on my MacBook once; but then it stopped working. I called them to ask for assistance; and one of their techs told me to take apart the casing and jiggle the harddrive into place; and that this was a common electrical problem with the cases they use (What? So they use low-end hardware?). I did this and; again; I was able to see its contents on my MacBook once; but then it stopped working again.So; I went to Data Doctors again and they sent it in to their data recovery center; telling me I would have to pay another $350 for an additional data recovery. When I objected; telling them it was not my fault that their hardware failed; they told me that well; this is the point of backing up data--that you back it up in multiple places. This is your fault. Reluctantly; I agreed to let them look at it; without agreeing to another data recovery. They sent it back to me stating that there were no apparent problems with the drive. The two people that I've encountered at the Tempe store are somewhat difficult to deal with. When I objected to the second charge of $350 over the phone; that person on the phone (who I'm assuming is from a call center or remote office or something) called into the Tempe location shortly after to alert a short dark-haired woman there that I had objections to the price and to be adamant about paying the additional costs. I know this because when I arrived there; a taller gentleman was helping me and was telling me that this was any easy fix that they could perform for free; but right as he said that; the short dark-haired woman immediately called him aside and whispered to him something like; This was that difficult guy on the phone who we have to charge full price to; right in front of me. The funny thing is that I am the nicest guy ever and I never cause any trouble. I only mentioned on the phone that I think it's a bit absurd to ask me to pay again for an expensive job that they couldn't do right the first time--and I said this politely and with care. For me to even be writing this bad review says something; as it takes a lot for me to speak up about poor customer service. I am still astounded at how they treated me at that location. Life is all about how you treat people; and honestly I feel like I could provide better customer service for clients of Data Doctors than those two and the woman on the phone who was adamant about charging me again.My dad passed away in May; and I just want my pictures of him. That's all. I cannot believe the hassle this company has put me through. I have my hard drive (well; their hard drive with my data locked on it) sitting next to me; with years worth of data on it; and I cannot access it. I now am $350 poorer. As a broke college student; that is a significant amont of my budget for any semester.Terrible customer service; terrible business ethics. If you have data problems; seek a better company; because these people will make you feel stupid; and they will not help you solve your problems; they will just ask you for absurd amounts of money and make you feel stupid for not backing up your data in multiple places; even though the purpose of this company is to help people who haven't done just that. I suppose the good thing from this is that I back up my data in multiple places now!
Probably more like 4.5 stars.  The happy hour is great deal.  Their house wine that was 1/2 off was actually good!  And their 1/2 off appetizer list is extensive from caesar salad to sloppy joes.  I ordered an actual entree off the menu.  The most amazing tofu steak I have ever had; by far.  I am not even a vegetarian.
Before this appointment; I had never been to an optometrist so I had no idea what to expect. I was such a newbie. During the initial exam from the nurse; I'm pretty sure I looked like a deer in the headlights but they were fast; thorough and very nice. Can't say anything but great things about their bedside manner.Dr. Clyde was AWESOME! He was so laid back and talked to me in plain English about my vision problems and gave me the options to have glasses or not and when I should be wearing them. He didn't even dilate my eyes which is awesome because I was going to have to drive in rush hour traffic with blurred vision. No bueno. I ultimately chose to get some specs because I was having some serious night vision issues.Their frame selection was good enough for me and I found some great Marc Jacobs ones that look perfect on my face. The person responsible for fulfilling prescriptions was THE sweetest person ever and my insurance covered much of the cost.I was VERY happy with my service here and will be a repeat patient!
I dropped in to Cookies in Bloom to see if I could satisfy a sugar craving for one; without having to buy a full bouquet.  The gentleman behind to counter was quick to oblige; pointing out they also had candy apples and gelato; in addition to cookies.  The cookie; itself; was large; though somewhat dense and dry; the icing VERY sweet.  Glancing at the bouquets on display; they seem to do a lovely job of decorating and packaging (and they ship; too!). I don't think I'd buy again; solely for the purpose of eating a cookie; but they can be pretty show-y in bouquet format.  If you care to take a moment to sit; the sidewalk has a couple of cafe tables.  No extra charge for the live music drifting across the street from The Vig.  ;)
I have loved the Filibertos Food chain for YEARS! But this location is cool; I can drive my semi up (with no trailer of course....) and use the drive through too! To me; the food is ALWAYS great at any Filibertos; they simply rock this White Boy's World! :)
Wanna go to....uh... Whuzza place... The one widda Christmas lights and stuff? Uhhh.. :hic:... Coach house! Yaaaaa riiiiight. :burp:Goes our conversation after bar number two or three. I never start my night here; we always end up here somehow. Either by cab or rickshaw or bike or golf cart. All signs point to Coach house when you're wasted. Followed by Philadelpha Sandwich Co; which you can stumble to if you're up for the walk. Even if it isn't Christmas when the place is light up for the world to see; Coach House rocks. Inside is small; but there's a small bar outside as well. The only time I've ever had to wait to get in was when the Fire Marshall was there making a show of keeping the numbers down inside. Something about safety and fire hazards and other such nonsense. Bring money for the jukebox! And don't be an idiot or you'll get kicked out. Scratch that... Just don't be an idiot.
I did not expect such incredible food in Phoenix.  Actually both the food and service were exceptional. The chicken meatballs appetizer was tangy; spicy; flavorful; and hearty. The mashed potatoes were decadently rich and tender.  And I couldn't stop eating the hearty and flavorful bacon biscuits.  I had the sea bass with veggies and was totally impressed that all veggies were cooked to perfectly crisp tender and were well seasoned.   They have a different fish dish each night which provides even more incentive to eat here on a more regular basis.  The roast chicken was simple; tender; and delicious.  In fact everything I ate had well balanced flavors and was perfectly seasoned and salted.  I thought the creamsicle creme brûlée was a creative spin on a tired staple at most restaurants.  The brown butter and vanilla ice creams had clean; delicious flavors.  Service was very attentive; friendly; and professional.  I loved the large open dining area with high rustic ceilings; and was surprised that the noise level wasn't that loud considering the number of conversations going on at once.  I really appreciated all the little details throughout the meal like the napkin rings; making sure water glasses were never empty; and providing new/clean silverware as appropriate for the course.  I'm not an alcohol drinker but I noticed that they have a huge wine and other alcoholic beverages list.  In all this was one of the best dining experiences I've had in a while with well executed food and service and an attention to detail that shows how much the chef and everyone working here cares about putting out excellent food.
The Union finally has opened at the Biltmore Fashoin Park. Located by Stingray; it's a unique area with Royal Coffee in the front area. I do like their coffee. Inside was a small cafe; whoopie cakes vendor;olive oils and Phoenix well known stores-Frances and Smeeks. I do think the stores need to be a bit more aggressive in sales and educating those walking into the stores so they will buy. They are at the Biltmore; people will buy if you give them a reason to..local and uniqueness stand out the most.  I did purchase a few items as gifts this past season b/c they were unique and made in Arizona.  Hopefully this will encourage other malls to have the same type of area for local businesses!
I loved the cheeseburger!! And didn't have any of the lousy experiences the other yelpers had. No smoke; really nice servers; and hot; non-greasy burgers. We've had our share of lousy over-priced burgers but we all agreed that the burgers here were really good. The lovely's sister was in town and she's a fan of the fries [she has them in Denver...] I wanted a cheeseburger after the fabulous Christmas show extravaganza down the street and was not disappointed. Two patties; cheese and ketchup - juicy n tasty.  De freakin lish. Hot fresh and yum. The lovely had more 'decorations' on his and enjoyed it along with the other half of mine. And while I'll go out of my way for a cheeseburger; will not for fries. The sis thinks these are the bomb. I was meh. They're freshly cut and hot; not overly salted - fine. And good lawd enough to feed a family of four!! Pricey but better than In and Out or Smashburger. By. Far. Would not hesitate to return. I will - because of Stephen B's  August rant -  go try Delux :)
Open 24 hours through the weekend; until midnight otherwise. Downtown is starting to have a life.Early 20th Century bungalow; as all these funky businesses on this block. Across the street tonight was an excellent jazz guitarist plucking away; alone; lost in his music; in a front yard ...The savory and sweet crepes just keep getting better; and I finally made it last Sunday to the brunch - the best light pancakes I've tasted in years served with real maple syrup and exquisite Schreiner's sausage. Nibbled over two hours of unending visits and great  Beirut-style cafe banter from downtown's notables.Life is good.
really good BBQ!!! This place is a hidden gem :-)  The portions are SUPER large so it's a good idea to split.  The dining area isn't anything special so we always get carry-out.
Just there.  Had the mixed grill.  There were two of us.  Mixed grill came with two skewers of lamb kabob; two skewers of chicken kabobs; flavorful brown basmati rice; chopped salad.  This portion was too much for two people but it didn't stand in the way of us finishing it.  We tried one beef and one chicken samosas.  It was a draw.  I liked the beef; hubby liked the chicken.  We had baklava and firni for dessert.  Everything was fantastic.  I will definitely go back.Thanks to yelpers who lead me to this place.  Congrats to the staff who did their best to fill all the orders even on a busy Saturday night.  The place was packed.
This shop is on the Downtown trolley route; so I stopped in when I was schlepping around Scottsdale on the trolley.  The guy behind the counter was very nice; and brought out several teas based on what I said I liked.  I ultimately picked out the Organic Ginger Orange Peach tea; and bought 2 tea tins.  The tins were; ahem; used...the counter guy seemed genuinely unaware; but I just washed them out at home...so not a big deal.Many; many teas...I might have to go back (which is a long way from where I am in Surprise) to buy different teas!  I thought the place was clean; well-lit; and well-stocked in different kinds/flavors.
Great place to shop ; kind of expensive but you get what you pay for. Alot of organic stuff here ~!
My family and I always go to the Pappadeaux in Albuquerque so when we saw this one off the freeway we knew we HAD to stop for dinner.We had a big group when we went but it really wasn't a problem for this place because it's such a large restaurant. The menu is extensive and heavy on the seafood which is awesome since it is delicious! We always get the fried alligator appetizer which is SO GOOD! I know it sounds gross but where the heck are you ever going to find ALLIGATOR?! Try it; especially with the sauce... YEAH! We have also tried the oysters on the half shell (great) and the fried oysters with fries (yum!)For dinner I like to get the pasta mardi gras which is linguine with shrimp and sausage in a creamy marinara sauce. It has a bit of a kick to it which I like but the portion is really big so it's best to share. Crawfish etouffee is great and is a favorite of my dad. We have had the king crab as well which is yummy but can be hard to crack the shells and take apart. The filet mignon oscar was good but a little light on the crab meat that is on top of the steak. This place can get quite loud so be careful! Also can be a bit pricey but I believe the cost is less if you go for lunch.
The place turned out really nice. Staff was great; food was great; and not a bad seat in the house to see a tv. Check it out when you have a chance.
Love it!
Slowest.  Starbucks.   Ever.  Seriously.  I've gotten more free coffee from this than a support group meeting.  I'd rather pay and get it on time.  I like the employees but maybe speed it up
These guys were very friendly and professional when I went to get tires today. They had me in and out in less than an hour. I will definitely be telling everyone about them. :)
Best Pizza ever? Ha Ha Ha Ha. You poor things. Better than Walmart frozen for sure. Someday I'm going to have a pizza benefit. Pizza from around the U.S.. Midwest; east coast; west coast; southwest.. You're all invited. Nothing there like this mediocre stuff. If you taste great pizza; you will never come back here. And prices? For shits sake. This is pizza.
Such a beautiful property!  The ambiance was lovely and food was delicious...but be prepared to spend some money!
I am so sad I no longer live close to a Trader Joe's. The ready to eat meals are awesome and always fresh. The staff is so friendly and helpful.
Unbelievable i haven't put my 2 cents in about Green; despite being a frequent customer. this vegan restaurant is so adept at making non-chicken chicken; you will swear they made a mistake. the first time i ate here; i for sure thought they put chicken in my sandwich but was assured it was not chicken. since then; i've tried a variety of their dishes from the noodle bowls to the buffalo wings to the rib dinner and have never been disappointed with any of my meals. Green is a testament that vegan/vegetarian meals don't have to consist of just a plate full of side dish vegetables. the prices are extremely reasonable and the interior decor is kind of like that kitsh-industrial-hippy look. customers order at the counter and the food is brought out quickly; and you self-serve drinks so the water glass is always full!
Ok so my last gel manicure..Lasted about 15 days before I took it off. I've since had another that was also great! I think I got sick of it at day 13. It was a darker color and had started growing out significantly; but still was hanging on strong!
Great food; great prices; amazing portions.. try anything on the menu and you will be satisfied.
Since I'm now a Yelper; I have to give a shout out to my favorite Ice Cream in the world.  My kids absolutely LOVE it too! And I get to finish what they don't eat!Check out Mary Coyle's if you have ice cream craving attacks like me!!  They got me hooked ever since I was a kid.And don't be scared to try the Pistachio.  It's to die for!
I stayed here last Tuesday night for the first time.  Overall I was pretty impressed.  A nice and modern hotel.  A full bar in the lobby; and also a coffee shop; where you can also get pastries.  The design of the hotel is nice and also very clean.  The room was very nice.  Definately not that nicest room I have ever stayed in; but I enjoyed it.  It had an awesome big screen tv in it!  The hotel is in a good location; and I would have no quams ever staying here again!
It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas! There are several events in Phoenix that remind us the holidays are here. Likely; none so much as The Nutcracker at the ballet! The children all dressed in their holiday best. Little girls with silver bows in their hair brimming with excitement for what is for many their first encounter with ballet. It's all so magical! If you have not seen this ballet; please; please; please; I beg you; do! Take your children too! This is a wonderful introductory to the art. There is something for everyone! Dancing; magic; smoke; toy soldiers; rats; snowflakes; and sugar plum fairies! Thank you Lindsey; Yelp; Ballet Arizona; and Symphony Hall for such a wonderful evening. My son and I could not be more grateful!
This Starbucks really doesn't have it's stuff together. When there are hundreds of people traveling early in the morning you'd think they'd have it figured out. No. They aren't friendly and I just don't get why if you don't like your job why I have to pay the price! Oh well at least I got my coffee.
I AM GOING TO EXCLAIM THIS IN CAPITAL LETTERS BECAUSE IT IS SIMPLY A TRUTH THAT ALL OF HUMANKIND SHOULD BE AWARE OF!! Fox Restaurant Concepts are PERFECT. Now; you should know; I don't say this about many places... Or people; or things.. But when it comes to Fox; one cannot go wrong. True Food is just one of the many Fox Valley restaurants I completely adore. Craving Italian? Head to North Fattoria Italiana in Arcadia. Need your pizza fix at work? Sauce is definitely the place to be. Truffle fries and fine dining with a modern twist? Olive and Ivy. Super cool comfort food that will fill you up and make you want to frequent Downtown Phoenix.. every night? Arrogant Butcher. Gosh darn it; even the names of these hotspots are uber cool!Sam Fox is simply a genius. His concepts are flawless; food is impeccable and staff? CONSISTENTLY the best service I ever receive at any establishment. Shout out to Brock and the accommodating/super-friendly staff who took care of me tonight at True Food @ the Quarter! I will be back... A lot.What can I say Fox? You have stolen my heart.... And all the doggy-bag space in my refrigerator.  Thank you for the excellence. I refer you to everyone I know; and the keen attention-to-detail NEVER goes unappreciated...FOX ON!
I was surprised that the service was so poor after all of the good reviews.  Everything about the night was slow. Our waitress started off with an attitude as if she would rather be ANYWHERE but working. The drinks took forever and my husband noticed they were ready but she was too busy talking to the bartender to bring our drinks. Our entrees arrived without ever getting our appetizer. We were upset but when we saw how big the portions were we got over it. We stopped another wait person to ask for the manager whom we assumed was the lady we saw chatting and laughing at the bar with our server and the bartender. She never came.  Our server never checked on us until we were done eating. My husband asked for the check and the appetizer was not on it. We waited almost 15 minutes for her to run our credit card before stopping someone else. She was too busy at the bar; again.  I would try it again because we liked the food and the atmosphere but make sure we ask that Teddy not be our waitress.
Happiness prevails here because:I CRAVE this Salsa Verde and they just happen to offer:24-hour drive-thru; 24-hour breakfast; Substitutes whole egg with only whites on request for the country breakfast burrito.....ayiyi! Mexi-heaven :)Breakfast of this champion; New Year's diet or not!
Always a great place to dine at. Great food; great prices; and a very friendly staff.
Trapped in Arizona Mills during a drawn-out shopping experience; I had no choice but to make a beeline to the Food Court for some long-overdue sustenance. I chose Suki Hana because I wanted something with seafood in it; and they offer shrimp stir-fry along with other entrees.I was mistakenly under the impression that since this was Japanese cuisine; it was less likely to be greasy than Chinese fast food. Not only is the food a bit on the oily side; but the chicken stir-fry dish contains chicken meat that should've been trimmed better of the tendons; fat; and connective tissue. I spent some time pulling apart the chicken to remove the largely inedible parts.It's not the most unappetizing fast-food experience I've had. The food here satisfied my hunger pangs and kept me going so that I could complete the endless march to traverse the Arizona Mills rotunda (honestly... they could've added one central corridor to avoid having to complete the entire circuit every time). However; if you need a change of pace and some greasy chicken with noodles and rice; you've found your Food Court vendor here.
I love popeyes. It's kind of a big deal in the south. This ones not quite the same and takes its sweet time pulling together your order but its still pretty good.
I really enjoy eating the Gyros here they are huge and the fries are great.  The Chicago Dogs are also very good.
I just don't like the people who work here.  They act like teenagers (texting; rolling eyes; ignoring customers while chatting with friends or flirty patrons) and I want a more grown-up experience when going out for a beer.  The only thing I like about this place is the Kiltlifter and the Turbodog (yes; they have non-Four Peaks taps!)I also hate going into places where I can't use my iPhone browser.
Went there on a Sunday afternoon because wife wanted some seafood. We got there around 4pm; it seemed busy but not crazy since the dinner crowd doesn't come in till after 5. The service was sub par; condiments; silverware and napkin not served until the food arrived and only after asking. Sorry but these are basic things a restaurant should get right. Food is so-so; we definitely had better. Then came time for the check; took our server 30mins to return with the card. Its got 3 stars because I think the patio (which is huge) ambiance is great for hanging out. Not a place to go if you don't have too much time.
Oh Phoenix you did it again.  How can you screw up breakfast?  Cold eggs congealing on a plate?  Yes!  Raw; yet greasy potatoes that taste like chorizo? Yes!  Cold limp bacon? Yes!  Possibly the worst breakfast I have ever had in my life.  If you want a bad breakfast; I would recommend 5 and diner; for a truly horrific experience I would go Joe's Diner all the way.
Great place to visit while downtown Phoenix. We were there during the Pearl Harbor Memorial ceremony Dec. 8; 2012.  Very nice; respectful ceremony. A lot of vets and current service men were present.  Many statues and memorials to visit while there. A must see; especially if you live in the Valley!
What do you expect coming to Denny's? Not much. I know this; we all know this.Waiting 30+ minutes for eggs? Arriving cold? Having to retrieve a waitress (that is not your waitress) to see what is up with your meal? C'mon... it's not rocket science.All I expect from Denny's is my food arriving; at least warm. This was not the case. We never saw our waitress after she took our order. Ever. Not to refill coffee; not to refill water. My standards are pretty low for such an establishment but I overheard in the table behind us that there was multiple hairs in the food when it was brought to them.
Finally Surprise AZ has a great Sushi hangout...  Loved it. Owners are super friendly and the Sushi is amazing.  The baked dish took a little long to cook;  but was worth it.  The Spicy Scallop on the A La Carte menu was fabulous.
This breakfast place would be a 4 star if they were more consistent.  The food on my visits has been very good.  The Eggs Benedict Florentine is great they cooked the eggs perfectly and the hollandaise was just right.  They also have very good hash-browns so I haven't tried their other options.  The first time I went they were pretty busy; but our server was great and kept our coffee filled the whole time.  The second time we went our server spent more time chatting with some one sitting at the bar than refilling our coffee which was unfortunate.  The other complaint I have is the sun shades on the windows are very dirty and covered in dried food. So I would avoid sitting at the widow facing tables if you can.  The rest of the resturant seemed fine if they do something about the shades.
The perfect first date in downtown Phoenix.Went here with two sorority sisters after seeing The Nutcracker at Symphony Hall. It was a late dinner for a Sunday night. I ordered Tommy's Margarita and they each got a glass of red wine and sparkling champayne. The entrance to this place (located in/near City Scape) is so stunning. The waiting area has these lush; new age couches and exterior decor on the walls as wall art. It's very cool to see. We were escorted to the back dining room near the patio (which overlooks city scape and all of downtown PHX; yeah it is as amazing as you're thinking) past the bar area and group seating tables. I ordered the endless caramel popcorn for the table and it was such a surprise! Infused with a chile pepper; this was not your mama's caramel popcorn for sure. My sisters ordered the mushroom soup and a kale leaf caesar salad. Both had very high remarks.For dinner we orded the New England scallops; another kale salad and duck flatbread. I can't speak for them but everything was fantastic! The scallops were so soft and had a plate of seasoned tomatoes and gac under. That made the flavor explode in your mouth.I would totally go back here for pre-show drinks and apps. Or even on a date. It's so great.
I can't lie. I went here because of the hilarity of the place's name... and Serrano's is closed on Sundays.Having a strong hankering for some cheap American-ized Mexican food; we went here on a Sunday afternoon is hopes that La Fonda would be a lady and put out something good. Although the interior is pretty and they have a sperate dining room and lounge area which is nice so you don't have to sit with screaming children.I guess we just ordered the wrong dish because neither of us were exceptionally impressed. Now the salsa was kick ass but the taco salad and chimi were not. I think I picked the wrong option with putting ground beef in it.What also was unimpressive was that the salad with gac and sour cream added was $12. Ugh. I'd honestly give La Fonda a 2 score but our waitress was very nice and pleasant.
very disappointed.  all of the other reviews made it seem like I have been missing the best sushi ever and it was not.  for the price not worth it
I'll have to echo the sentiment of Shannon B.  I went to PVOBGYN as a new patient because I wanted to chat with more doctors and get second/third opinions regarding my pap results & recommended course of treatment that I'd received from another health provider.  Specifically; I was seeking information on non-invasive and/or natural alternatives to a LEEP procedure; but wanted to speak to a few more MDs before going to a naturopath.  The office has all kinds of classy-looking dark wood paneling; high ceilings; nice carpet; LCD tvs; a coffee station; blah blah blah.  Whatever.  I go to a doctor for medical advice and treatment; not examples in interior design.  The lobby was also full of ads pushing baby formula and cord blood banking which I felt was odd given we know breastfeeding is healthiest for mom & baby; and that newborns receiving their own cord blood via delayed clamping is highly beneficial.  This issue is not specific to PVOBGYN but you'd think a classier place would have the sense to say no to these companies just trying to make a buck and increase their profit margins.  Oh wait; or maybe the office got a referral kickback and it was said pushing of services that paid for their nice interior decorations.  Who knows.  I found it in poor taste.Dr. Deka was recommended to me from a trusted friend; but as soon as she sat down and we started talking I felt like she wasn't listening to my concerns.  She would only default back to medical protocol and when I posed challenging questions she responded she didn't really know.  I was particularly interested in ways I can help my own body naturally fight off high-risk viral strains and promote healthy cell growth.  I told Dr. Deka that I was taking some supplements; adding more cruciferous vegetables to my diet; and increasing my consumption of raw juice from kale; carrots; beets etc - then I asked what more she recommend I do.  Her response was Well maybe if you get the LEEP you won't need to juice so much.  WHAT???  What kind of health professional would ever recommend against doing something that has only been proven to improve one's well being??!?!?!   When I expressed concern over the likelihood of repeat LEEP procedures; since I have had recurring abnormalities since the age of 17 and am only in my 20s; Dr. Deka replied she hadn't had any patients who had required a second procedure.  Okay; well I'm going to take that with a grain of salt; being that she's only in her early 30s and earned her doctor of medicine in another state - highly unlikely she has any long term data from her own practice or has seen a patient for over 5 years.I'm not impressed with this place.  Their only redeeming quality is that the support staff are nice.
Terrible. This spot was going to be the kind of spot I could get quick dinner on a hectic weeknight with my Family. Not So! The Calamari was extremely tough and did not taste fresh. The pizza was just bad. It did not have layers of texture or taste in any way. Just black bottomed and crisp. Not burnt; but a strong sour burnt taste. The center was underdone and very soggy. Just a bad meal. This was my first time eating in; second time actually eating the Pizza. Both pizza's were a TERRIBLE let down.
So good; so hip...I feel like I am not cool enough to eat/drink here but with food like that I can't/won't stay away. Love the tomato salad and the fez burger.
The first time I visited Mellow Mushroom was back in August. We knew nothing about the place but decided to give it a try anyway. I don't need to go through all the details of what Mellow Mushroom is all about; but if you've never heard of them; they're known for their Dough; mainly pizza. They have a full bar and a large selection of beer. The first time we visited; I gotta tell you; I wasn't impressed with service or cleanliness. We were seated right by the large windows near the bar; there were about 30-40 flies all over the glass near our booth and that entire section of the restaurant. We were so disgusted that we had to ask to be moved. The waiter apologized and moved us a few tables away. We ordered our pizza and drinks; the pizza was good; but there were still flies all over the place. While we ate; we asked the waiter to bring us a to go box just so we could put our pizza in it; protecting it from all the flies.The only reason we went back to this restaurant was because the pizza was good. Also; I don't believe their food is priced fairly. $27 for a large pizza is too much; it's not like they put expensive toppings on it or anything. Since then; we've gone back a few times. One thing has become clear to us and that is that the food here is inconsistent. Our experience has been hit and miss; there are times they make the pizza good; and there are times that the pizza is just ok.
Wow been going there for years but went there recently and was really disappointed; food was horrible; the urinal rock wall was overflowing and leaking all over my shoes and to top it off I sat in a bar stool for 30 minutes before some big shot drug dealer they like there arrived and told me I was in his seat; when I refused to move the bouncers asked me to move. Casey's FAIL
It took me two years but I finally tried something beyond the spinach dip and prime rib!!! The bbq ribs are wonderful. Tender; perfectly cooked and really good bbq sauce. I have never had bad service here and the food is always perfect. Charleston's impresses me everytime I go. I even stop for takeout for dinner sometimes and just get a spinach dip. It is pricey but for great food and consistently good service it is worth it.
always can find the item I need here
Breakfast doesn't get much better than this! My husband and I recently moved to Arizona and I was feeling a little homesick. A few friends of mine suggested we try eating at Butters Pancakes & Cafe; and I have to say I would stay here in AZ  just for the food alone! I tried the Scrambler with the Berry Bliss Pankcakes; which are both amazing! Every time we have family visit we bring them to Butters Pancakes & Cafe; and everyone is always very pleased. I have since gone back several times and am always happy with my food order. I have also tried the skillets (the chorizo one is a bit spicy); the breakfast burrito; and omelet. The portions are huge and prices are very reasonable. I usually end up taking food home. This will be your all time favorite for anyone who is a breakfast lover!
Top notch quality chicken strips!  I became a fan after the first yummy sauced chick strip hit my lips!  The closest I can describe their special sauce is a pepper ranch.  The sweet tea is to die for; and the slaw and Texas toast is as good as the rest if not a hair better.  I found the staff to be very friendly and helpful too.  The only reason why I went four and not five stars is grease.  My strips; although delicious; were just a bit greasier than I would have liked.  Overall though I would love to see a  location in Surprise.
Horrible Horrible customer service. I also bought the living social. I called and made an appointment; however; when I showed up at my appointment they told me they had no record of an appointment under my name/phone number. They did not offer to reschedule or even apologize. Very very disappointed in this salon and I will never ever return.
My regular Togo place when I feel lazy at home; the food is great but make sure u check the order before u take it back home especially the busy hour! ;( they miss one of my main course n I need to go back n get it@@ no my idea lazy Togo day; I guess ..
Janna is the best at gardening ; has great vegetables; and fruit and is super friendly; and has great knowledge of her trade.
I love the Tavern. It's a fun beach bar in the middle of the desert. They have good drink specials and I love their chicken sandwich with tots. Yum! They never or rarely charge a cover. Been a fan for years!
We try to support local businesses; and Paletas Betty has been on the list for a while. After a quiet walk on a Sunday afternoon down Mill Ave avoiding homeless folks; we stopped at Paletas Betty.  It's a quaint shop; and the server was really friendly.  The paletas we shared was the pineapple one; and I commented that there was a bite taken out of ours! Turns out that all the paletas are made like that; silly me. Cute concept; but this sucker was not cheap (we also left a tip). So how was it? The pineapple tasted like... drumroll... pineapple! It tasted like someone used a vitamix to blend up pineapple; and maybe added some pineapple juice. I'm not saying it wasn't tasty; but it was basic. I'm not sure the value was there. Maybe if I had a more exotic flavor combination; so that might have been my fault. It was decent; but it didn't blow my mind.  We might think about trying it again. I have noticed groupon now deals for paletas betty - if we try it again; we'll definitely use that.
Great steaks. Great sides. Good wine. However; avoid the bar; oddly enough; especially during happy hour. The appetizers; while cheap; are not nearly as good as what I would have expected based on the steaks and other options I have really enjoyed in the dining room. The bar and the dining room just seem to operate on two different wave lengths. If that were not the case this place would be a solid four stars for me.
Ye old time Ice Cream Parlor ....always make me giddy with delight .Growing up we had Jan's ice cream parlor ...ah the memories ;So when i read Reese's review ;I bookmarked this place and wanted to try it out A.S.A.P.Bright interior ;i liked the marble counters ;and the ceiling and retro stools gave a dash of an old time feel to the otherwise modern counter area .Super friendly staff that was knowledgeable ( i love that) .Double scoop sugar cone with chocolate and pistachio ..ooooh it was awesome ;i also love praline and chocolate chip mint ;the girl let me taste both and i purchased a gallon of each to take home .This is a really nice ;clean place with lot's of treats AND they treat you nice .A delightfully delectable addition to old town!Only in AZ can you justify eating ice cream in freakin December ;lol ( at least that's what i tell myself )Will definitely return to try the sorbet ( i should only be eating sorbet-but my inner child really digs ice cream )
If you moved to Phoenix as a youthful person; rather than as a retiree; an important rite of passage is to find yourself; some time between midnight and 4 a.m.; in the drive-through of a taco shop with a name ending in -berto's. This is a perfectly good -berto's for that purpose; being reasonably convenient to both the Crescent Ballroom (if you tanked up on Honey Badgers there but didn't weight them down with the in-house burritos) or the Rhythm Room.The chimichanga is large enough for two meals; as is pretty much anything else. Avoid any dish swimming in red sauce if your coordination is impaired or if you're just plain klutzy. The food is both better and cheaper than Chipotle; plus there's a considerably more varied menu. Also: heats up well the next day.Try not to fall asleep in the drive-through; though; as it really does take forever.
What I Bought:  I purchased a mid-century wooden bench; a mid-century liquor cabinet; two minimalist wooden chairs; and a funky painting called Dancing Monsters. Quality of the Product:  Spectacular.  My fiance and I love everything that we bough from here.  The owner's taste in furniture is a little funky and classic; which is exactly what we are looking for!  10 out of 10.Customer Service:  I always forget her name; but she is bar far the best owner of any retail store up and down 7th Ave.  She has great suggestions and is always extremely friendly when we show up.  And another plus; she is a huge animal lover . . . .we adopted three cats from the animal shelter she volunteers at it.  10 out of 10.Value:  The price were fair and reasonable.  I wouldn't say it was a steal; but I figured that both sides came away with a pretty honest and worthwhile deal.  10 out of 10.Overall:  Go-Kat-Go my fiances and my first stop when we go to 7th Ave.  The friendly customer service; the selection; and the prices make this place a winner.  30 out of 30; 5 out of 5 stars.
I completely agree with Lauren below me. When I first discovered Dutch Bros (the Rural and Lemon location); I thought the attentive employees were nice; but I have since grown to really hate it. I actually hope for a drive-thru line so they won't have time to start a phony-cheerful conversation with me.The last time I went to the Papago location; the guy (Baxter?) was annoying. as. heck. He was literally IN my car window; telling me he liked my style (uh; I'm driving my boyfriend's POS; loud rice-burner Civic... is that what you mean by style?); making cheesy comments about me saving the world with my college degree; just being a creepy creeper in general for way too long.... Like; I literally had to listen to him spout this crap for so long; a line was piling up behind me and I was starting to wonder if I'd be late for class.Oh; and if you want actual coffee; go elsewhere. They serve mostly sugar-filled concoctions that you can't even taste the coffee; and I can tell that my 'buzz is not a coffee buzz; it's a sugar high complete with awful crash.Their Cocomo and Annihilator are delicious though.
This place has a magical feel to it! Very impressed with the service and amibience. The food was also great but I was a little dissappointed about the Chicken Enchiladas being sold out. Def have to check this place out. I suggest driving past the Farm Kitchen (Lunch Restaurant) and make your way to the back for a great experience. Not sure if the two restaurant are connected but the attitude from the farm kitchen compared to Morning Glory Cafe is night and day :(
Usually am a proponent of diversity; but best dang white pizza ever...I'm usually a Chicago-style deep dish pizza lover by habit.  Went to Grimaldi's on the recommendation of a co-worker with some people on my team.  Service was quick and accurate; drinks were delivered promptly and kept full; and the pizza landed in about ten minutes.I ordered a lunch special-- the White Pizza with tomatoes and a special order of sausage.  UBER YUM!  There's no tomato sauce on this disc of flavor as it's a mix of two white cheeses; but it rocks.  Plus; the lunch special with salad and drink comes in at under $10; plus tip.Went back with my wife this past weekend and she loved it to.  For three people; bill came to about $40; counting tip.  Not as great a deal; but still worth the trip.  So; great deal and service; clean restaurant with nice a nice design; spectacular food; and killer lunch pricing.  Have just found a new fave.
Ordered burgers from there tonight just to get something different for a change; amazing meat cooked as per ordered;great service; I have to say they di burgers as good as anyone else if not better! Kobe and chop house!!
I love this place and order from them regularly. They have never messed up my order and their food is always hot and delicious upon arrival. They give you tons of food for your money too. A combo will feed me twice. I really recommend this place to everyone. The people who work there are super nice too. They offer me water while I wait for my food. And they are always very fast at preparing my food too. Really this is one of my favorite places to go and I always have a positive experience whether I walk in or order by phone. (Must try for vegetarians too!! Try substituting the crab puff for an extra egg roll when ordering a combo. Such good stuff!)
Went here today and tried this place for the first time. I had a cheese burger with hot peppers and it was one of the best burgers I have had. The chili cheese fries were also very good and I liked their fry sauce. My friend was very happy with her veggie sandwich. Overall this place is awesome; I'll be back!
Definitely a great idea if you have family or friends visiting and want to show them some of the more beautiful aspects of this state!  My dad was visiting for his birthday; and being from Wisconsin; we both love the water; so without easy access to another lake (read: no boat); I decided to take him on a relaxing desert cruise.  The captain was very informative and answered everyone's questions; including what kinds of fish were in the lake.  The views were gorgeous; especially at the end when you can see the Four Peaks shimmering in the distance.  We saw a few hawks and eagles; learned about the local vegetation (including a really cool clubbed saguaro); found out when the fishing season was and enjoyed some great local beers (Four Peaks) on the boat.  The inside of the boat is climate controlled; the front gets filled up very quickly; and while the top deck is well-shaded; the end seats can get pretty hot in the warmer months.  The breeze was lovely and all of the staff were attentive and friendly.  Granted; it's not the most scenic or exciting thing in the world; but if you appreciate local tidbits; a calm atmosphere; and spending time on the water; you might want to check it out.(Sidenote:  They do have handicap accommodations; including a ramp to the boat deck; for what it's worth)
The pho is fab... and the seafood with rice cakes awesome!
I purposely sought out a Jimmy Johns near where we were staying because I'd heard about the place and they aren't yet in San Diego where I live.  I'd heard that the sandwiches come up freaky fast; which was true - ours were ready very soon after we paid.  The bread was great; and everything tasted really fresh.  Pretty good sandwich; but while I'd put my first Jimmy Johns visit well above a typical Subway experience (at a competitive pricepoint); a couple of my pet peeves were triggered.First; I prefer nationally branded chips.  The chips at Jimmy Johns are all self-branded.  The jalapeño chips were good; but I would have preferred fritos instead.Second; I counted ten employees behind the counter; which was odd for such a small place that wasn't all that busy.  I know Jimmy Johns delivers so maybe some of these kids were waiting for delivery orders.Lastly; and most importantly; the ratio of sandwich contents to sandwich bread was off.  This being my first time; I didn't realize there is a bigger club version of each sub; with twice the meat and cheese.  I ordered the #1 Pepe sub (ham and provolone w/ LTM); but I should have ordered the corresponding #7 Gourmet Smoked Ham Club.  My sandwich was great but the picture on the website and menu made it look like it my sub would be FULL of meat; cheese; lettuce; tomato...  Mine was much; shall we say; thinner than I expected from the photos.I'll definitely go back; and I liked the sandwich; but JJ needs to be more true to life with their photos.  Next time I'll get the club for 2x the meat.
We have only tried their Chanukah donuts which I was so excited to find; so this is a pretty limited review. The donuts (Sufganiyot to Hebrew speakers) were so expensive and disappointing. There was less than a quarter teaspoon of filling (also the filling was raspberry and not the strawberry I grew up with in Israel) in each donut; leaving you with a kind of tough bun after your one jelly bite was gone. We ordered a dozen for a party and I was embarrassed to bring them.
UPDATE:     27 Dec 2012                                                                                                                       received email of cancellation of membership and                                                 received a call on the 28 Dec from a manager of La Fitness to make sure everything was taken care of.                                                                                                                      Thanks guysNow how to let BBB know the complaint has be dealt with?
The next time I really; really want to wait almost an hour for a cold; greasy burger....Cracker Barrel is just where I'll go.  My husband ordered pancakes and they were cold as well.  I thought it was a little strange that the room temperature butter that had been sitting on the table since we arrived; wouldn't even melt on these pancakes.  The waitress even commented when she finally brought our food; Its about time; right?.  Well; she would know since she's the one who let the food sit up there in the window for so long that it was stone cold when it got to the table.  UGH; never again.
I will never go there again!  I have been eating at Manhattan Pizza for 5-6 years. In fact; I have not had Pizza and wings anywhere else in that time choosing to spend my money there. I have noticed a decline in the restaurant over the last couple years both with service and food. Tonight I had the worst dining experience in my life at what was once my favorite restaurant. I will never go there again. The service was completely unacceptable and the food even worse. The wings were burnt and had a weird taste; what was stranger is they were mostly broken bones sticking out and it looked as if the wings had been broken in half to count as two. When I brought it back up to the counter I was offered a doggie bag for them and told they could NOT make new ones or give a refund. To make matters worse I was told the owner cooked them and he was fine with how they looked. The owner refused to even speak with me. When I stated that I had been coming to that restaurant for 6 years and was about to walk out and never come back....the employee at the counter actually said; that's fine; we are ok with that? What business allows a customer to leave like that? Obviously this is one restaurant that does not care about the quality of food or service.
Cleaned it up a lil...
Love this cute little local place! You have to know about it to go; but damn is it good! Huge portions; cheap; and good chips and salsa; I'm in!!My dad discovered this gem a few years ago; and I love it when we go. Love the hole-in-the-wall vibe and the staff is really friendly. Green chile burro=YUM.
I was very happy with my experience here.  I went in and was treated very quickly though there was only one other person there.  The entire staff was friendly and I was surprised at how much time the doctor spent with me.  He spent almost 20 minutes with me which is an eternity for most docs. The woman who did my intake was especially friendly and easy to work with.  The only minor thing I noticed was one of the girls at the front desk was texting when I first arrived which never leaves a good professional first impression.  Overall; I would return as I felt I received good care here.
Good food for a chain. Wouldn't mind better service. The place was empty; we were being rushed; waitress tried to bring appetizers then 2 minutes later main course! Overall on a scale of 1 to 10 they would get a 7.5
Oh my God .... I Finally Found it ... EDIBLE CHINESE FOOD IN THE VALLEYNot only a fantastic night time menu ... but Dim Sum 7 days a week for lunch!!!It might not be 5 stars in San Francisco; but it sure as hell is in Chinese Purgatory Land.Thank You China King for making a stand out here in the desert.I have lived in the Phoenix area for 10 years now and never found a single Chinese restaurant that deserves even 1 star. Not one! (An lord know I tried) People ... Chinese Food needs to be served fresh and jumping off the plate. What's the deal with all these Chinese Buffet's in this town; who the hell eats at these places? Who's giving these places 3 & 4 stars ..........Dude's and Dudette's get thy butts to China King and discover what real Chinese Food is all about. Yummy!
The pho broth here is consistently phenomenal; and this place is open on Sundays as well. The food comes out fast and hot.  If they weren't a little stingy with the veggies (even when you ask for more); I would have given it 5 stars.  Otherwise; it is a must try for Pho lovers.
This location is very convenient for me relative to work; so I pop in here from time to time.  This past week was our holiday potluck and of course I forgot to prepare something; so I dropped in here to grab a few items:+ Holiday Candy *check*http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/j9JiNl86XCk4BLqIo1OI8A?select=jaavUAxs8y2o3nE4fhCb4A#jaavUAxs8y2o3nE4fhCb4A+ Soda *check*http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/j9JiNl86XCk4BLqIo1OI8A?select=V7bJN02gj8EjBTYzqzFqSA#V7bJN02gj8EjBTYzqzFqSA+ Cheese & Crackers *check*http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/j9JiNl86XCk4BLqIo1OI8A?select=c0Xsyz4TZxQtG318ca-r_w#c0Xsyz4TZxQtG318ca-r_wIn/Out within a few minutes....saved!Return Factor - 100%
Who doesn't like traveling!?!I had to fly out here because my company's hub is located in PHX.  The airport is definitely big with so many gates.  It has horizontal escalators that help you get places with less walking or faster if you power walk on them.  They have good Wi-Fi and big thin screens with flying times and etc.Most airports have a huge selection of food and choices and this airport is not bad.  The environment was not too hot or cold which i liked; some airports are just way too hot and crank the heater to high.Overall airports aren't fun all you do is the waiting game or sit.  You need carefully look at the signs and if you don't know; don't be ignorant just ask someone at the information desk because it'll save you time and trouble.  I even had to ask; I was lost!
Delicious; fun breakfast spot.  Good service plus amazing food = great time for the morning after another great time.  :-)
My hubby and I have ordered bagels from this place far more often that we probably should.  We just can't stay away.  The bagels are tasty and moist; chewy yet soft.  We always get the egg; cheese and bacon bagel sandwich and the chorizo burrito.  They both come cut in half so we exchange halves so we can each have half of both meals.  This is the way to go.  We always get extra egg and extra meat on the bagel sandwich though because otherwise the sandwich is a little flat.  It only raises the price by a bit though so I reccommend ordering it that way.  The coffee is tasty and I never drink straight up coffee.  Any day of the week; make sure you come before 10am because that's when everyone and their mother shows up.
The ambiance is 5 stars; the service is 6 stars - even after a long wait to get menus; and the food is... interesting. Definitely high quality and usually I like exotic mixtures of ingredients; but I just wasn't blown away. I'll have to try again certainly.
Today a few friends decided to go to the Main Ingredient for lunch. We were the first of the lunch crowd so we got our pick of seating. We were placed right by the front door; which was left open for us to enjoy the breeze and the connection with the  outside. It made me feel like I was in a close friends home :) Ok so we get seated and start talking and immediately the first thing that captures my imagination was the music. I was told that the owner puts together the mix and I'll tell you;  that mix is so amazing. I mean there is enough familiarity of songs to make you feel comfortable; but some obscure stuff as well to expand your listening pleasure.. we were talking about  who's that? or I gotta get that track ...a very chill vibe.  Now our server; she was very cool.. she had an easy smile and a relaxed funny personality  that added to the comfortable fun experience that was building from the time we got there. Now the food.  I am not a food critic but I know what I like and I liked my food and so did everyone else at my table. So we're just chilling eating and our server is taking care of us smiling and just being fly... kinda of a small thing but there also  laughter coming from where the other employees were. The kind of joyful belly laugh  where you could tell that they liked working there...for me;  this added to the good feeling. All in all  I felt we experienced magic today..I would recommend The Main Ingredient Ale House and Cafe to anyone!
I have been here several times.The beer is always cold; the bartenders seem knowledgeable and are able to offer you advice and samples.I've had a pizza and their spinach dip - both were very good.  With the pizza I also had a side salad; which was just okay - I would prefer more types of stuff in my salad.If you're looking for a low-drama beer and appetizer; this is a good place to go.
I'm glad to see that other people have had good experiences here; but mine was horrible.  I have been using Banfield hospitals for 12 years and I have never experienced such unprofessionalism.  The vet tech spent most of her evaluation rolling her eyes at my questions and concerns; and twice informed me how she was not looking forward to my appointment - this was my FIRST visit to this location!  I told her I wanted to discuss injections for my cat's arthritis; she responded that they hated doing that to cats that bite.  She didn't want to be inconvenienced.  After she brought my cat back from the exam; she informed me that this is not my favorite patient.  She didn't inform Dr Stokka of my questions for this appointment; which delayed the appointment by another 40 minutes.  I have concerns that she would cause harm to my pets and I am highly unlikely to go back to this location.
Had a Groupon for a deep tissue massage...seriously one of the best massages I've ever had; Tami was absolutely amazing!..clean; professional; friendly! Definitely coming back.
Always fresh. Love the spicy squid and fresh Toro; One of the best local sushi restaurants out there.
Just tried this place for the first time.   The food was excellent.   So if you're solely going for the food I would suggest this place.  The service; ehhh.   We sat down a few minutes before 7.; and since the menu is limited to burgers we ordered at about 7:00  We got our food at 8:10.   This is usually a deal breaker for me.  Great food; disappointing how long it took.  But i'd give it another try; they can't be that slow all the  time.
I give this a 2 star review; only because I never got to see a doctor so I can not comment on the actual care. I didn't get past the front desk. What ever happened to customer service in an industry that is all about helping people? I guess if you want an appointment with this office you must block out a significant amount of time and be prepared to wait. The office people enjoyed telling me they placed people with later appts ahead of me. I won't be making another appt here.
O'Brien Physical Therapy was fantastic. I felt like a patient; not just a number. My back has significantly improved. Patrick O'Brien was so knowledgeable and probably the best PT I have ever been to. Josh his assistant was great and so helpful. I would recommend O'Brien Physical Therapy to everyone!
It is not often that you run across a hidden gem such as this during the weekly business travels.  Today I did just that.  I stumbled into Il Bosco Pizza in Scottsdale; AZ.  I was greeted at the door by the owner/ Bill Forrest.  I received nothing but wonderful hospitality throughout my dining experience from both Bill and Barbara as well as some entertaining dialog with the kitchen team (a penquin tattoo; really?).The wine list was well thought out with very reasonable by the glass and bottle prices.  The menu selection was focused.  By that I mean; it stayed true to what they do and they do it well.  Too often you find the restaurant that wants to be everything to everybody.  Not here.  They do pizza very well.  I have traveled to Italy many times in my career and this place nails it.  Great dough coupled with the finest of ingredients; prepared in a minimalist style that lets the food do the talking.  I am truly impressed.  I will be back often.  I hope for Bill and Barbara that this is a hit but deep down I love the hidden gem.  If you are a foodie and love food without pretense; you will love Il Bosco.  This is a foodie find.  I am a chef and I absolutely love this place.  You will not be disappointed.  Cheers;
The GF had been raving about this place for sometime now so we decided to go. I must admit; it was all she cracked it up to be. I have NEVER been to an upper high end restaurant that was so crowded you would have thought you were at a TGI Fridays. That just says one thing. The food is AWESOME along with excellent service. I would highly recommend this place to anyone who wants to be undoubtedly satisfied when spending at least $200.00 for two!
I love Pho!  I could eat it everyday and maybe I will as I want to loose 50lbs this year and I think eating soup just may be my new diet plan.  I have always had friendly service here and not sure why others have noted that the service is not friendly.   I always get the 2A which is a  good sized bowl of beef broth soup with beef slices; noodles and veg on the side.  I also order the hot tea.  All this for a grand total of $4.50 plus tax.
I had a really great trip to Home Depot in East Phx. A very nice guy named Rene went out of his way to help me install my headlight. He invited me to bring my bike inside and located all the necessary parts. He then installed my headlight with me! All this for the cost of parts; about $2.I always have a great experience here; but this was off the charts.
One if my fav breakfast place;) the service is good; love the selection of coffee;) must have the bagel melt; u will live it!!!!
I went there for lunch and was exciting about eating there.  I have never been to the restaurant and when I walked in I was impressed with the layout of the restaurant.  Our waiter was friendly and came over right away to offer us drinks. The menu is rather pricey so I decided to order a chicken waldorf salad and my co-worker ordered a chicken caesar salad.  When we received our salads the first thing we noticed was that the chicken was pink in both of the salads and it appeared that it had not been cooked enough.  The chicken caesar salad is supposed to come with croutons and it did not.  The chicken waldorf salad was ok but the pinkness in the chicken did bother me.  My co-worker and I should have sent the salads back.  After we got back to the office; we both commented that our stomachs were a little queasy.  I will definitely not be back to the restaurant.  It is way over priced and I believe that if you are going to pay more for your food it should be amazing.  I can make a better salad at home.  Overall I was disappointed with my first dining experience at Hillstone.
The store is amazing; anything you could ever want for your drink concoctions you'll find on their shelves. The bar is also pretty cool; although its loud; its very low key which is pretty cool when you just want to have a drink and not all the party crap.
Heard so much about this place on my first visit to Phoenix this year; but didn't get a chance to make it so when I found myself in town for the second time...I definitely had to make a meal of it. I enjoyed the pizza...I got the only one that comes without cheese. Amazing! Didn't think I would eat the whole pizza on my own and then I did. Great food. Good service. Valet parking is validated and you pay for it on your bill. Might be back to try other pizzas in a future trip.
**This review is for the golf course only.I'm going to try and be charitable with this review because (1) I didn't pay an arm and a leg to play this course and (2) the staff; while a bit stand off-ish at first was very helpful and courteous before and after my round.  But.... it has to be said; this course is in really bad shape.  Back east a course like this would be designated a dogtrack.  The tee boxes; fairways and greens are all in various states of disrepair. Brown spots; diseased patches of grass and general neglect have produced a very unpleasant looking golf course at present.   A combination of factors may be to blame for this; including an unsucessful overseeding; the recent cold weather and rain; and the general quality of the maintenance. As other reviewers have noted; it's a pretty straight-forward; boring track with nary an elevation change.  It's not a hard course but the course does have a good design with bunkers guarding nearly every green.  The greens sloped from the back to front and can be quite tricky.  This; I am sure; was once a really good course and true test for any golfer.  But not now.  Compared to the myriad of great golf courses in the Valley; if you can get on the course for under $30; you probably won't feel ripped off.
good equipment and service to rent skis
Being from the midwest I always crave In-N-Out when I know I am traveling to a place where I know they exist.  This location provided the fix.  They had a fantastically clean restaurant; very friendly staff;  and the classically great food that I count on from In-N-Out.  As always; a MAJOR recommend. Especially for people who don't live in areas served by In-N-Out.
Nearly a buffet of free appetizers (tabbouleh; hummus; soup; fresh bread; tzatziki) come with any of their kabobs and $5 for two gyros which are delicious as they are large.  The three of us walked away with more food than we ate and spent $25 for pretty much a four course meal... Not to mention it was all completely delicious!  Don't let its hole-in-the wall looks fool you!  If you like greek/middle eastern food you are doing yourself a disservice by not eating here.
I eat here often; sourdough burger is great; so is express lunch. Can't go wrong with the SOP or meat lovers pizza. Chopped is my favorite salad!
My family went here for the first time and we were quite surprised. We didn't expect much because we haven't heard of it. The decor we very nice and the food had a very clean almost sophisticated taste; nothing over powering very mellow. I had the general tso chicken and several vegetable dishes all were good.My family went here for the first time and we were quite surprised. We didn't expect much because we haven't heard of it. The decor we very nice and the food had a very clean almost sophisticated taste; nothing over powering very mellow. I had the general tso chicken and several vegetable dishes all were good.
My boyfriend and I had dinner here - it is a pretty small; quaint restaurant. It's got a very intimate; cozy; date feel to it.We ordered the vegetarian pizza and scamorza with mushrooms. The pizza was really tasty; a great combo of sweet caramelized onions and peppers. The pizza was fairly large; I could only eat one slice.The scamorza was basically a skillet of cheese with sauteed mushrooms on top of it. It was really cheesy; but tasty. I'm pretty sure this shaved a year or two off my life expectancy though; so I won't be ordering it again.I'll be back for a pizza date night!
I have eaten at other Pei Wei locations and have been satisfied.  However last nights purchase of four entrees was very disappointing.  The Dan Dan steak entree was so overcooked I think they mixed up our order with the nursing home order; you couldn't eve bite the noodles; they just mushed in your mouth.  The teriyaki chicken was also overcooked; totally dried out and without any sauce on the meat or veggies.  To top off the insult; only 2 fortune cookies came with our order of 4 entrees; is the economy so bad we are sharing fortune cookies now?
I've had Rosatis before and the food is OK in my opinion. I think they are a little over priced. I had it delivered so I can't comment on the restaurant. The food was delivered fast. I ordered a Connolly and thought it was OK nothing special but the fish and chips where good. Overall I would try them again but not my first choice.
You won't find me at Zuma or on Mill late nights anymore; but if you time things correctly and know where to go; it is pretty easy to have most of the bars on Mill all to yourself believe it or not. This situation unfolded on Friday night during happy Hour at the Zuma Grill; where only a handful of folks were inside. Three drunken female coeds did wander inside; but they were on a birthday bender for their friend. Anyway; the bearded bartender; who might be a manager; was really nice during my visit; even switching on my team's game; not from me asking; but from our conversations at the bar. Appetizers were all half price; but I opted to try the $5.50 build your own burger which comes with three toppings of your choice and a 1/4 pound patty. The other burgers are 1/2 pound; but this one should fill up most people. Sauteed onions; bacon and slices of avocado graced my well done (of course) meat. Bartender told me to go for the onion rings and that also was a success. Always liked when places put ketchup in little cups also instead of bottles on tables. Although; I will likely not be here with all the college kids later at night; I can tell them from experience that a sweaty; crowded; sticky; tough-to-get-a-drink bar IS a college bar and stop complaining and embrace your local divey college bars.
Good beer good food good people and good environment how could you go wrong
I think they have the best pad Thai in the area! A bit cheaper than Thai elephant too!  I just wish they were open on weekends...
If you want to try something different and excellent try Le Chalet. The food and service is very good with menu items you will not fine in many places. They also have a full bar and happy hour.
This was my second time here and I will say that the first time I went; it was such a great experience. The second time wasn't as good. My friend wanted a good mexican joint to eat with his family after his graduation. We had a large party of about 7 and so we called in advance. The lady on the phone said that they do not take reservations and that you just have to come in and wait. We were ok with until we showed up and then there was a large enough table that was empty that we could sit at; however the lady said that it was reserved and taken. I let her know that we just were told you can't make reservations and that you had to wait. This obviously upset us even more because the table that could have easliy sat our group was empty for at least another 10 minutes. Then 1 person showed up for the table and remained mainly empty for another 15 miutes at least. We were still waiting to be seated 30 minutes later. The food server forgot one of our peoples food and brought it out later. I should also mention that the food took at least 45-60 minutes to get too. They did apologize on that but didn't seem to offer anything in return. Although this place upset myself on my second visit and also upset the other people in the party; I still like the food here. It's a romantic setting (Back patio) and quality and filling food. If I had to rate just the service aspect I would give it 1 star; but since I am taking into consideration the food to go along with my first visit here; I give it 3 STARS. Let's hope that my next visit goes better.
Food was definitely not best barbecue. City BBQ or even Damon's is better. But my biggest issue is the lack of customer service received from the owner. We had problem with our order and when brought to owners attention he basically said he can't do anything about it.  (You are the owner right?). he had a nonchalant attitude about it to. You can tell he didn't care about customer. Most business owners would want to keep the customer happy so they would come back.. Well you just lost a customer.
Great old school steak house.Awesome ambience and atmosphere!Food was great. I had the 18oz ribeye; and it was delicious and perfectly cooked (Pittsburgh style - charred on outside and rare inside). My girlfriend had the scallops which were also excellent.The wine list is reasonably priced and extensive. The martinis are awesome.I've been to many high end steak houses; and Durant's is as good as it gets.
Two words: endless Sriracha.But; in actuality; LGO is so much more than just that. This establishment may very well have the best airport food I've found in a single restaurant. It's worth checking in a little early so you can swing by the D concourse of Terminal 4. May I recommend getting a burger with their homemade English muffin instead of a bun?One caveat; which they remedied: A burger I ordered cooked to medium-rare and subsequently  waited a good 12 minutes for came out well done. It took a few minutes to track down the correct person to speak to. But they had a replacement burger out quick and the manager saw to it that I was happy--a level of service I would not have expected from an airport establishment.
Alcohol infused ice cream?  YES PLEASE!
Just walked out of this place after being seated and ignored for 15 minutes in a mostly empty restaurant.  3 servers walked past us and even after alerting the empty headed hostess of our plight another 5 minutes passed.  We gave up and have forever given up on this place.  Can't wait for Sushi Brokers to open their new location.  At least the service isalways good there.  Done with Stingray!
A small restaurant tucked inside a plaza area well worth a visit. At first glance the outside may seem somewhat unappealing. The inside is not much better; however; the food should more than make up what the place lacks in decor.The staff is very friendly; and service is pretty fast. Having tried plenty of authentic Persian food before I can say this place is up there.If you're in the area; and in the mood for something different this may be a great choice to end your evening.
I love this place. The decor is cute; the service is great  and the nail techs are professional. I had a gel mani done and the nail tech took her time to make sure the color was on evenly and there were no marks or smudges. The salon just opened and they have the newest equipment and nail colors. The prices are great and it is close to great shopping. I definitely will be back!
Excellent food; I love their $2 taco special happy hour!!!!!!!!!! And their fish tacos are awesome; but I get the spicy stuff on the side; it's a little pungent. The chips and dip are oddly addicting; and worth going in themselves. It's a place to go with a good friend; it's not very large; but it's very colorful inside; and the waiters are nice.
Decided to try this place; since there aren't any In-N-Out Burgers in the Midwest.  The fast food was actually not half bad - color me impressed.  This is probably because the restaurant enjoys economies of scale; since people tend to come quickly in waves (hence the In-N-Out).  The atmosphere was *definitely* college town; and it was quite loud and busy for 11:00 p.m. on a weekday.  The milkshakes are also very good!  If you're out late at night and you need a pick me up; this is the place to go.  The only reason why I took a star off is because it can become a *bit* too messy for my taste; but all in all; it was never distracting or uncomfortable.
Jackie is so creative!  Every thing I eat here is made with love. You'll definitely need to try to Ham Sandwich! You won't be disappointed.
Way way way overpriced!!  $12 for a burger fries and a drink. F that. In and out is the way to go.
My husband found this restaurant online while looking for Thai restaurants in Tempe/Gilbert area. We decided to check it out. I had the drunken noodles with chicken (mild spice). OMG!!! Food to die for! My husband had the BBQ chicken (hot). We then split the Thai custard absolutely wonderful. i would highly recommend this place! Definitely worth the  price. We will be returning again.
From my Facebook page where I have many subscribers and 800+ friends. Dear Michaels at Tempe Marketplace; I am breaking up with you. You keep me waiting too long every time I want to give you my money. We are done. Additionally; Your store is always a mess; the line is slow moving; there's never anyone to help if you need to find something and your selections are always picked over. Today was my 4th and final visit to your location. I take issue when a business putsme on hold as i wait to give them my money.
This is my first review. Omakase (i.e. chef's choice) is not recommended for everyone; but if you are in the mood for the best meal you will ever eat in your life; this place is for you. Went with a date; and had the 5 course tasting menu; with a couple of bottles of sake. Every bite of food was better than the last. I won't go into detail about our entire meal; but standouts included the steamed clam soup; with 5 different types of mushrooms; and the whole fried shrimp appetizer. (Don't be afraid; eat the head)Itamae; Kurita-san; is a master of flavor and composition. 5-stars. I will be back... as often as my pocketbook allows.
I have been to 2 dozen different places in Phoenix for cupcakes...and this is by far the best.  Moist cake; the frostings aren't too sweet; the staff is helpful; and I always leave with a smile on my face.   DELISH!!
Parking is a bitch; but this place is worth it! This place; scratch that; ALL their locations; are absurdly busy at lunch time; but it beats the usual downtown lunch grinds. 7th Ave location also has a great outdoor patio; so perfect for the unbeatable valley weather. Misters will be on full blast during the summer. Inside; it's a bit cramped; so I always try to sit outside (unless it's 110 out). Love love love the Al Pastor tacos; and their chips and salsa are also great! Mexican cokes; HELL YA. Carne asada is dope. The beans are also legit. They also have some pretty good ceviche and margaritas. Happy hour here is worth a check out. **Secret menu item- America's Favorites. Great for 2 people; gets you 2 al pastor tacos and 2 burritos. You can also substitute for whatever meat you want. Add in 2 drinks and it's ~$20.
This store is a poor excuse for a Japanese market. They have a horrible selection; the prices are beyond outrageous and the customer service is a joke. I am disappointed to learn that this is one of the few Japanese markets in town. I'll drive to Marukai/Mitsuwa in Costa Mesa; CA before I spend another dime here.
Read the reviews... This place is complete garbage. I showed up at 7:45am from their advice because they don't take appointments. I was the 3rd person through the door and was advised it would take an hour or so for my alignment. They told me on the phone the day before the same; so I was prepared to wait. 2 and a half hours later; they hadn't begun working on my car and advised it would be *at least* another hour. I asked for my keys and left without the alignment I needed; and I can promise you that I'm never returning to another Fletcher's. This was my first and last experience with this pitiful company. It amazes me that companies like this are able to stay in business when they treat their customers like this.
Stadium seating is cool and it offers IMAX.  This is usually my go to movie theater on the west valley.
Watch out; the walls in this place are paper thin and customer service is poor. My wife and I listened to the neighbors tv and phone conversations till 3 am. When we complained the next morning at the front desk a guy claiming to be the owner immediately shouted You're not getting your money back. I was a bit taken aback... first at the tone of his voice (he was visibly angry) and second we hadn't asked for any such thing. After all; we had slept half the night... I didn't expect all my money back ;) O'well; I guess it's common for people to demand a refund at this place; or maybe he was just having a bad day. On the way out we talked with the house keeper... she mentioned the place is under new ownership which may explain the recent change. Overall; we would not go back. That outburst from the supposed owner was just too crazy! Plenty of nicer; cheaper hotels in the area. Quick Facts: Location - Good; easy access to the 101. Pool - Good; looked big and clean though we didn't use it. Internet - Poor; our 3G connection was much faster. Rooms - Clean but dated; no sound proofing; motion sensing light switches are annoying. Bar - Drinks are $6 and uninspiring. Go elsewhere to satisfy your thirst :) Free Breakfast - Barely edible; powdered eggs; some oily thing that could have been sausage; and plenty of black coffee to wash it down! Staff - OK; but stay away from anyone claiming to be the owner.
Family owned; great staff; quick service; endless/delicious chips and salsa; cheap margaritas all makes for a favorite local Phoenix joint. Love this place a ton and always make a stop when I am home from NYC. Fairly priced; a ton of food; and good ambiance. There are randomly a ton of fake birds all over the place and they put far too much cheese on everything; but this place is great.
I tried FOUR different massage therapists at Massage Envy on camelback ; in Phoenix and was not happy with any of them !!! One lady talked so much and I don't mind that but she stops massaging when she talks. The very last try was a guy tonight and it was the worst yet !!! I told him to do my jaw ; arms and shoulders and he did not do any thing I requested. And they advertise a ONE hour massage when it is truly just 40 minutes. I left there disappointed every time I went there .  Very discouraging and very disappointing !!! I wasted alot of money. I joined but I will not be going back there any more.   I will get my weekly massages elsewhere.
Amazing little farm in the middle of a residential neighborhood in North Scottsdale. They have an honor's system market every day and a full-service market on Thursdays and Saturdays where you can drink fresh coffee; meet the owners; and enjoy delicious pastries while you browse their bounty. Well-worth a visit; if not for the homemade goat's milk caramels alone. Seriously; they're unreal.
Awesome pho and great staff. Great lunch prices. One of the best things in town. Favorite dish. P2; with a side order of spring rolls.
I eat here almost every day.  I buy gift cards for Fox Restaurant Concepts to get a free meal out of every 5 I get here.  I mean; wow. Clean food. Clean atmosphere.  Totally transparent feeling about the place.  Hate that they serve Kobe (all grown up Veal) but they do grind the meat in-house.  Sweet potato fries - if you get them to go; get 2 dipping sauces.  That stuff needs to be reverse engineered....in my kitchen.Update***Sometimes the service is spotty. I'm there so much I know like; every server. 90% are awesome. 5% are ok. 5% just sort of seem to be....meh. I hate that word.
The BEST seafood every time we go and great service too!!! We had the best lobster we have ever had !!! The fried alligator with that dip is amazing !!
Have been here the past two Friday's joining friends for happy hour. It's now The Hungry Monk but same ownership and; doesn't seem to have changed much as far as setup or menu (other than maybe less emphasis on wings?). But the service has definitely improved. And as I've previously noted; they have a great selection of beers; so upgrading them based on my last two visits. I did view the menu last time in but was pressed for time so only able to get some seasoned fries. Will have to try the food and update again afterward.
nope. nope nope nope nope nope nope. service was poor and every beer i asked for they were out of. i dont want to sit here and write a long; bitchy review so i'll just go with this: never coming here again.the end.
The family and I stopped at this place for a little wine and lunch while on vacation.  I have to say that I enjoyed myself.  Excellent service; and some tomato soup that is REALLY good.  Great selection of wines as well.  Definately try this place out.
i took my niece ther today for lunch be prepared to part with some cash .I had the antipasta plate which was good;but i have had more creative antipasto elsewhere $16.00 came with olives;caper berries; marinated califlower; 2 meats and a cheese and several slices of toasted foccica  also had a bowl of butternut squash soup which was good $ 9.00 my niece had the muffolatta which look good as well. I also had a glass of wine our server was very pleasant but with a total of 6 people in the place 2 of those were us and i had to wait to get a second glass of wine even though she noticed my glass was empty as she walked by.
As a kid; I always wanted to watch the Nutcracker live.  I never had that chance.  Thanks to Lindsey; Yelp; and Ballet AZ for giving my goddaughter and I the opportunity to watch this classic performance.  We enjoyed it every minute there!We are so lucky to have a private pre-show chat with the Production Director; Michael Panvinni. It was a great insight into making this production and the ballet company.  This was my goddaughter's first ballet.  We had seats in row 7; which was close to the stage.  I told her that we are so lucky to have seats so close.  However; there was a 6ft high man in front of me blocked my view of the stage.  I felt bad for the person behind me since my head was shifting left and right during the whole performance. The highlights were classic Nutcracker music;  moving backdrops to create a variety of festive scenes; gorgeous costumes; and impressive dancing!   The kids are so adorable. . The Symphony Hall lobby is decorated beautifully for the holiday.   We took some photos throughout the building and of course with the Christmas tree.  It was a wonderful experience for my goddaughter.   I'm sure she is now a fan of ballet.
This place rocks; from the Tortas to the burros and ceviche. the ONLY dig I have is no chips and salsa. The salsa you get is awesome
I got to hand it to the staff; they are really patient and have to put up with a lot (keep in mind this is right next to ASU). I have so many stories I could tell of our late night adventures to Denny's. I usually ended up being designated driver; and had to be the one to apologize to the staff on behalf of my roommates. I give it four stars because when we would go during the day (when they were sober); the staff seemed even more moody then the staff that runs night shifts.
As part of a Greek Olympics celebration at my son's elementary school; we wanted to provide a taste of Greek food for my son's 2nd grade class. When i called up to ask about ordering a sampling of fresh hummus; pita and baklava the manager Tyler was so nice. He offered to donate the hummus; pita and baklava! The hummus and baklava were put in individual containers which made it very easy to distribute to the kids and was just the right amount for them to get a taste without waste. I really appreciated it and so did the kids! I will try Daphne's menu for myself based on this experience.
Service okay. I always receive bad service from a certain drive thru lady. I don't know if it's just towards me or not.
Good place - awesome coffee - wonderful outside area just beautiful.  Food was pretty good too. Would recommend!
Such a relaxing experience that is totally amazing. You think you have good lashes now; wait till you get work done by Layla!!! You have to go to WINK! Other places just don't even compare!!
I am pretty sure I am exclusively clothes shopping here from now on. Such a nice atmosphere with super low prices on Nordstrom brands. I just love the quality and style of the clothes and shoes. The place is brand new; super nice; and as others have said; very organized; right down to the clearance racks.
I was teetering between 2 and 3 stars until I looked at the Yelp definition that reads Meh. I've experienced better. I had the cheeseburger and wasn't too impressed. I also had the pretzel appetizer which was okay. Even though the service was good; I don't see my self running back to this place. $30 dollars before tip for two cheeseburgers; two sodas and a pretzel appetizer. The server just gave me the credit card receipt without the detail of items ordered and charged. The only saving grace was that this meal was charged to the company credit card.
If I was to title this review; it would be Time to Freshen up.  When people go to Mastro's they expect first class service and food.  In my experience; they just did an okay job at both.  My fiancé proposed to me at home and then had reservations at Mastro's for dinner that night. It was a big evening for us (obviously) and he wanted to make sure we celebrated.  He spent so much time and effort planning the proposal that he didn't even think to look at the menu for vegetarian options.  He assumed that they would have some... well they didn't.  My only option was to order side dishes individually or they would give me a platter of 4 smaller sized sides.  Side dishes are not a meal; with the level of chefs they have working in this restaurant they should be able to put a composed dish on the plate.  While my side dishes were good; I will never go back.  Vegetarians; Vegans and Gluten-Free diners should have at least one option on every menu (A salad and sides does not count; that is what we order in addition to our meal).  Ten years ago; a restaurant could get away with this; but not now. But;  I am not going to totally bash the food; because the butter cake was to die for; but that is definitely not enough to make me want to go back.  Okay; now for the service.  Let me just say that we waited 5 minutes to be greeted; then another 5 minutes to place our drink order... and then another 5 minutes for our drinks.  Not exactly wowing the customer from the start. Our server was nice; but overall the service was slow. It was the day before thanksgiving; so they may have just been understaffed.  At the end of the meal we waited at least 10 minutes after we were finished with desserts and drinks for the server to come around again so we could ask for our check.  After reading this review; you may wonder why I even gave them a 3? Well it is Mastro's; they do have a great ambiance and my hottie said his steak was amazing.  If they want to stay relevant with all the great dining popping up in Old Town; they need to freshen up their food menu; narrow down their cocktail list to real specialties and put more attention into the customer's experience.
I went to the Herb Box for the first time on 12/2 with a group of ladies for brunch. I had the chilaquiles and it was delicious. They also had bottomless mimosas with the option of mango or orange juice. I got mango and it was yummy. Our waitress was very pleasant. She split our check ( we were a party of 14) without a hassle. I would highly recommend The Herb Box.
This is no where near the same as the Gilbert location.I ordered a chicken sandwich; because they didn't have the veggie one I get from the other location.It came on a fairly dry crusty hoagie roll; with shredded iceburg lettuce; mayo (that I specifically asked not for); chicken; and some horrible pepper sauce. The sauce was not listed in the ingredients on the menu. It was not just hot; but tasted bad. I asked the person at the counter about it; they said they put it on all their sandwiches. Something they might want to mention on the menu.It was pretty loud; and smelled greasy. The menu is not the same as the Gilbert location either. I was fairly disgusted by my food; so we didn't even bother with the custard.
I was ready to purchase new shoes... even some clothes. I am trying desperately to step my game up and was inspired by this store previously. Walked around here aimlessly... for about 15 minutes. No help; no hello... nothing. So I left. Without a thing.
Remember what I said in my last review?  I said; DON'T CHANGE.You changed.  That didn't take long.  The place that seemed so incredible on its first night with so many subtle; balanced flavors suddenly turned into just another Mexican joint with pretty good food.  Edible?  Certainly.  But; nothing really outstanding nor distinctive.  We went there again specifically to recreate the opening night experience that we remember fondly.  They just couldn't maintain the quality; and the portions seemed quite a bit smaller too.No; this just isn't the place to recommend anymore.  I certainly don't bear them any ill will and hope that they can bring the level of quality back up to what it was.  We'll come back some time and see.
Love the atmosphere of this place! Spectacular interior designs! Great concept to combine a movie theater; bowling alley; snack bars and restaurant. It's like a gigantic party in here! Great choice in music as well. Offers free wifi! Upstairs is 21+; love how there's security to keep things under control. The staff are super friendly and attentive to your needs.
$6 for a dozen Texas Gulf oysters Mon-Thur.  We ordered 8.Waitress was slick and upsold us on alligator; which contrary to popular belief; does not taste like chicken.  Get the spinach dip with real crab meat - it's fantastic.
I fly a lot on business out of PHX.  Mostly to TX and CA.  I only fly US Air when I absolutely have to; usually to destinations in CA SJV Valley.  They used to be pretty good when they were America West.  After the US Air merger; I've noticed a deterioration in flight service and customer care.  My colleagues have dubbed it U Suck Airways.Hopefully they will get better after a merger/buyout of American; but if history is a guide; they probably won't.  All the poor reviews in these postings are true... uncomfortable seats; mechanical problems; costly change fees; etc.The only good thing?  Their fares are still pretty cheap.  I guess you get what you pay for.I had over 100k miles with US Air at one point; now I'm a Southwest convert.  Once you learn Southwest's boarding system; it's a breeze.  Definitely a better airline than US Air.
The majority of my early sexual escapades were spent here; and I have bittersweet memories of this place. This location is a nice; cheap hotel in which to spend a night or two. The rooms are kept clean enough and there are a few sketchy people; but hey; it's Tempe. There's sketchy people everywhere. If you want a bed for a bargain; stay here and save some money. Who needs some fancy inn anyway?
I didn't know there was a Clarks store at Scottsdale Fashion Square-- now I know!  I've visited the AZ Mills location a few times; but I rarely buy anything from there.  Mostly because it is rare to find size 5 women's Clarks' brand dress shoes and boots anywhere; and those size 5 shoes I do find were so unattractive that the designers and shoe companies should be heavily fined for making a profit off of them!  (Oh; they were comfortable alright; but dress shoes and dress boots have to look sexy; as well.)What an exciting prospect it was; then; that I found not one; but FOUR pairs of shoes online over the holidays that I could see myself wearing while at work and at play; so I happily paid just under $410 (including taxes; free shipping) for them.  They arrived fairly quickly; considering it was holiday shopping season.  Shipping and returns are always free; and I was glad to see that I could do returns at stores; and not just online.  I've lost a couple of pairs returning them via USPS once; and I was not a happy camper...Back to the shoes- out of the four pairs (two black and two brown); I only found one of them to be comfortable enough to keep; so I returned the other three tonight without a hassle.  I love that!  I was able to get almost $300 credited back to my credit card; and I walked away with a black shoe polisher that costs slightly more than what it would have been if I went searching for it elsewhere- thank goodness I didn't have to!Clarks' is currently having its semi-annual sale.  There were signs of 30%- and 40% off all over the store.  Shoe care is 3 for $18; and belts and other accessories are also on sale.  Might be worth it to visit again soon... Oh; no; I just remembered... This Clarks location doesn't have much size 5 in stock for me to try.  :(  Guess it's back to online shopping for me...
I had a few pictures that I needed enlarged to a unique size suitable for custom framing. I was very limited with file sizes and had a difficult time locating these pictures with large enough file sizes to make these photos easy to enlarge. After being told it would be almost impossible to do what I needed done;  Sasha at Tempe Camera took charge of my project and worked diligently to make this all come together.  She was very responsive and did a great job of managing my expectations with regard to what was possible and what was not. When I received the final prints I was completely amazed at how beautiful they turned out.  They are exactly what I wanted.  This never would have happened without Sasha's help and I am so thankful for all her hard work.  Sasha and Tempe Camera deliver the kind of quality service that you seldom experience anymore.  They are truly the best.
Since we were staying at The Boulders we decided to try this place. For some reason we didn't go there on a previous visit.Right off; my wife fell in love with the chips and salsa. I too thought it was amazing. NYC Mexican food is as far from Mexican as Chipotle is to Taco Bell. Everything was so fresh and well prepared.I was recommended the braised beef tacos and the enchilada for the wife. We both really loved it so much. I was quite surprised about her liking the food since she's picky when it comes to veg food flavors.I highly recommend this place if you're anywhere in the area. It's a bit of a drive from Scottsdale but worth going if you're there.
New favorite spot for pizza in Troon. We used to frequent Rare Earth pizza but the crust at LAMP is definitely superior which is saying a lot. It has that slightly charred flavor that is so hard to find. Our server was James and he was awesome.
I'm not sure what has happened to Paradise Bakery in recent months but it is disgusting. Last time I went a couple months ago I noticed the portion sizes had shrunk and the quality seemed a little off. I probably would have still given it 2 or 3 stars but I haven't gone back despite the fact I live around the corner since there is so much amazing food in CenPho. I went today since I was starving and thought I would grab some soup real quick. The Chicken Sonomo Stew I got was flavorless and had the consistency of snot.  The peas in the stew were an odd color more gray or brown than green. The potatoes were diced oddly small. There was also an item in my stew that I'm not even sure what it was. It was the color and texture of a carrot but the size and shape of a whole cherry tomato. The dry jack cheddar biscuits were oddly sweet and had odd textures throughout. To top it off they've changed their cups and my tea lid didn't want to fit and I almost left my cup on the counter. I couldn't finish any of my food it was so offputting and I paid $10 for this god forsaken meal. Not eating here ever again.
I went here to try some tamales and they were pretty authentic. This place has been around since 1947; so something is good here. For some reason; I ordered a dozen tamales because thats what your supposed to do around the holiday's right? The beef version had plenty of beef and peas also; but sauce wasn't as red as it could be. The green chile and cheese had whole strips of green chili and lots of masa; but Tolteca uses cheddar cheese and my preferred choice is some sort of white cheese for tamales. Every single sauce at the large salsa bar was too hot for this gringo as the sweat started pouring out of me once safely back at my house. The rice was good as a side dish; real mexican rice; but the fresh guac was also brimming with jalapeno's; so this was also a hot guac. Overall; probably better tamales out there; so next time; I will just buy a couple at a time and sample. They were $2 each; but a dozen was only $17 bucks. Flautas looked good also for next time.
The waffles are like sponge and the chicken was over-fried and the service is bad. The owners are very arrogant; unprofessional and rude. Before I patronized the restaurant I heard things that were not good and boy did I experience what I heard and then some. ROSCOE's Chicken and Waffles from California would put them out of business if they don't do it themselves. Enough said!
Came here for NYE dinner and I was relieved there wasn't a prixe fix menu like every other restaurant in downtown Phoenix. This was my first time here and I was pretty impressed with the size and decor. For some reason I was expecting something more casual but it was very nicely decorated and upscale. Our server was very attentive and friendly even with the place being packed. I ordered a martini and a margherita pizza. My drink was good but I was very disappointed in the pizza. The crust and dough were very limp and cheese too thick. When I took a bite; almost all of the cheese on the slice tried to come with it because it was so thick. I had some of my husband's pizza which was only slightly better. The dough was just too limp and not what I would expect from this place. Maybe Little Caesers. I want to go back though and give it another shot....
Definitely pricey; but everything we had was well prepared and very tasty. It is in a strip mall that locals would probably pass by for this caliber of restaurant; but don't be a geographic snob; Razz's is wonderful. I have to specially compliment the service - Paul our waiter managed to be on top of every need while being unobtrusive - a service level I usually only see at Ocean Club or with a waiter in a tuxedo. I read the other reviews and would disagree that the service was bad (which can fluctuate on any night) but the kitchen odors were periodically stronger than should be expected... they need a new vent fan! The baked cheese appetizer was divine and highly recommended. We would definitely go again; and as local restaurant snobs; that's saying a lot - the competition is fierce!
I've finally had a great experience at Pita Jungle Desert Ridge. After many sub par experiences at this location; i'm happy to report on an awesome experience. I was greeted promptly by the young lady at the hostess stand; Heather at the bar took great care of me; explained specials and different health conscious options as well as providing appropriate attention without smothering us. I'll definetely be back to see her. The manager on duty; Mike; i think his name was;  was really busy but took time to come over and make sure everything was good with out meal. He held the door for us as we left and thanked us for coming. I don't know who the other manager is at this location but the guy is a jerk and couldn't be bothered with issues we've had on previous visits. Whoever was working today should get a raise and a bonus. The food was actually just like the food at arcadia location; not a similar reflection as it's been on every other visit. Finally you guys got it! Keep up the awesome service and good food quality.
Awesome services; outstanding brisket and great prices! Authentic Bar-B-Que joint!
Found this place because some colleagues wanted to get together for a holiday cocktail party.  Tucked away in Old Town Scottsdale; this place doesn't get as much foot traffic as the entertainment district.  However; in my opinion it's much better than most of those bars.The big deal for me here is their large selection of Craft Beer and Imported Beer.  The specific Beer that made us choose this place is Chimay.  A couple of us wanted to introduce Chimay to our colleagues and this place has more than 1 on the menu....score!  Add to that a warm; living room feel and very friendly employees and you have a winner.  I didn't get a chance to sample the food; but I will on my next trip.Return Factor - 97%
I was very impressed with The Mission.  Immediately walking in; I was struck by the romantic atmosphere. It was dimly lit; but had lots of candle light and chandeliers.  I really thought the restaurant was just beautiful and felt intimate.  Our service was excellent.  We had table-side guacamole; halibut; and porchetta. The margaritas were really good- I love margaritas!  My boyfriend took me to The Mission at the recommendation of some friends. I'm so glad we went because it was a really special experience. I want to go back the next time we are in Scottsdale!
Amazing resort!  Stayed here for five days over Thanksgiving week this year; and was extremely impressed with every aspect of The Boulders resort.  Will definitely stay here again next time I'm in the Scottsdale; area!Pros: The staff was overwhelmingly accommodating and helpful (they use golf carts/shuttles to transport you to different areas of the resort by request; which was very much appreciated; thanks Bill from Wisconsn!).  The location was absolutely gorgeous and unlike anywhere I've ever been before (beautiful; enormous boulders surrounding the resort grounds; Saguaro cacti all around; golf areas were beautiful; and the various ponds and wildlife). The casita was pristine; had a wood-burning fireplace (which we used a LOT); bed was super comfortable (I hadn't slept that well in months); and the bathroom was also amazing (double sinks; bath tub; glass shower; walk-in closet; etc).The Golden Door spa was very luxurious; and the staff were very nicd and professional.  The massage was amazing; as were the various saunas.   The pool at the spa (which is open to all resort guests); was very relaxing.My boyfriend and his parents went golfing at The Boulders and they said that it was exceptional.  More specifically:  the practice area (driving range; short game area; and putting green) was worth visiting on its own; the course itself was extremely well run; and the fairways and greens were in impeccable shape.  Overall; an extremely fun place to golf!
Richardson's has great; unique food; and definitely a fun vibe. I am excited to go again. I think it's important to note that it is a bit dark; cramped and loud at times. This would not normally be a problem; but I went with my grandparents and this was a bit of a problem; because it was very difficult to see the menu and steps in the restaurant; and hear each other. I'd recommend this place more for an outing with friends; to grab dinner and drinks; and less of a quiet family dinner kind of place.
I personally love this place. I am always treated respectfully here by the staff. Maybe it's just me but I like the coffee it's different then most of the coffee you normally get at donut shops. J
Look at this stuff... Isn't it neat? Wouldnt you think my collection's complete! Wouldn't you think I'm the girl... The girl who has.. Everything?No? Ok. To the mall!I remember being a teenager at this mall; spending hours wandering; window shopping; wishing; gawking at boys and generally being awkward and pimply. Things are slightly better now; ten years later. I'm less pimply; have no patience for wandering; and I'm certainly not a teenager. God; how I still gawk at teenage boys though. As a wizened adult; I find myself at this mall with a game plan. I choose two or three places; I go there with my purchase in mind; I buy the thing and then I leave faster than a ... Than a... Tween running at the name of Justin Beiber. You really do have everything you could want in a mall; the cheapo piercing pagoda; the obligatory hair extension thingy kiosk all the way to Prada and Gucci. Decent food court selections as well; with real restaurants on the outer edges. Avoid like the plague on any major sale day. Or come equipped with steal toed boots and sharp elbows.
Dr Erik has been great in helping me with my dental nightmare!  After trying a few dentists over the years I am very pleased with my choice in Dr Pease.  His knowledge and expertise in dentistry is second to none and I would recommend him to anyone needing dental work!  His staff were great at prepping my crowns and making me feel comfortable every time I came in!
I've been to The House at Secret Garden a few times for private events. The area is absolutely gorgeous but their food & service is just mediocre. One event I went to was in the patio & sun room; and the other was in the urban barn. The patio was very nice but the room is a standard plain white room.  The urban barn is cute from the outside but the inside is a little janky. The ceiling and beams are unfinished ugly wood with the manufacturer stamps still visible and spray painting...they could have at least stained them a neutral brown. There are faux wooden beams painting on the wall. Not that impressive; but the area outside (we had cocktails under the carob tree) is beautiful.The food and service is a different story. One of the meals was catered by Santa Barabara catering and it was fantastic. If you're hosting an event here; I recommend going with a buffet from the catering company. The other meal was a sit down; pre-selected 3 course dinner. The kitchen/servers had zero coordination. One person out of the table would get their hot entree a good 10 minutes before anyone else got theirs. It was near impossible to get beers and was impossible to get a refill of water. I thought the food was disappointing. I had:- Goat Cheese & Beet Salad: By far the best thing I had. Great dressing; yummy goat cheese; fresh greens. - Vegetarian Trio: So small and just okay. The grilled eggplant was very soggy and the tomato jam it was topped with was far too sweet for an entree. The arancini ball was delicious but I only got one...for my entree. If there had been 3 then it would have been a meal.- Chocolate Cake with Fudge; Fleur De Sel Caramel; & Buttercream Frosting: Amazing sounding description but one of the worst desserts I've ever had. The cake was so dry and barely had a chocolate flavor. There was about a tablespoon's worth of frosting and not even a teaspoon of caramel. So so dry and lacking the richness or flavor of a chocolate dessert.- Bread Pudding: Much better than the chocolate cake but still average.If you're planning on hosting an event at The House at Secret Garden; I recommend trying to make it as outdoors as possible (prettiest) and not using their in house catering.
Came here for a quick lunch on Christmas Eve. After running around doing errands; we were looking for a quick place to eat. We did not want a sit-down-eatery; but we did not want a super-fast-food place (think: golden arches). Perfection: Rubio's. For those East Coasters; Rubio's is chain Mexican Grill; similar in style to Panera. Aka: you order; they cook your food (cook; not microwave fast-food-style); and then you pick it up at the counter. I got the popular fish tacos (with guac and cheese). Mine was very tasty; I would definitely order it again. I would give these tacos a 4/5 in terms of quick Mexican! We also got the Atlantic salmon tacos. Not good. Very fishy and very little meat. The chips and black beans were good; so it made the whole trip a 3. I would come back for a quick lunch! The service was very friendly. The attendant at this Rubio's actually brought our food to our table! Great service!
I've eaten here about 5 times and have never had a bad meal. I've only had the double cheeseburger and can't try anything else because it's so good. Get the fries with cheese on them and apply fry sauce. This food will make you fat and happy.
the absolute best cheese dip i have ever had....yummy yummy yummy must be their own brew that makes the difference......this is tucked away but parking was easy for me and loved all the brews i had and all the food......highly recommend....
I've eaten here for lunch at least once a week for about two years.  I absolutely love the food here; and the service is fantastic.  It's also a bargain for the price.  Try the #4 medium on the lunch menu or the Hot & Sour soup.  The yellow curry (#2 lunch); red curry (#3 lunch) and the #6 lunch are also delicious.  I love this place!
This has to be the filthiest restaruant in Gilbert. Got food to go. 15 yr old kid at counter mumbled 2 words and got annnoyed when I asked for more salsa. Carne asada burrito was a notch below filibertos and way more greasy. I guess if you live close and need a taco shop fix; this is the place.
I stayed in this hotel for a week in Nov. 2011 for a conference; also held at the hotel.  The hotel is easy and inexpensive to get to from the airport on Phoenix's lackluster public light rail.I was in a double queen; and the view was beautiful so ask for a high floor.  This hotel has every amenity you could ever want.  The front desk and concierge are great; and the conference rooms are huge and beautiful.  The conference rooms were huge and always clean.  The outdoor pool and fitness center were fantastic so take your workout clothes!!  The only downside was that the hotel was freezing so walking outside was a shocker to the body.  There is some food and attractions within walking distance; but Phoenix pretty dead.  The ASU complex across the street provided most of my entertainment for the week.
Last Chance is the place to shop for fashion on a budget----it's a ton of  name brand items returned from premium stores at unbelievable discounts. Sometimes there are masses of people but--you can always come home with something awesome---if your eyes are pealed. It's nice to have a couple key items in the wardrobe. Research the styles and brands that suit your aesthetic and happy hunting :)
I've been getting my hair done for the past year with Jennifer...and trust her completely to have me look amazing every time I walk out of the salon.  I work as a spokesperson so whenever I have to travel out of town (which is very frequent); I go see her the day before and she takes great care in my color (which isn't easy as I went premature gray); cut (when needed) and my amazing blowout...which can last almost a week!!!!  My favorite part of visiting her salon is the wash house where I get to completely relax!  All the girls are terrific...have had Ciera do my hair if Jennifer couldn't fit me in...and she did a great job too!
I have been to Milagro Grill three times now and every time seems to be getting better and better. We went in for dinner this last Saturday with 7 of us in our party; we sat on the patio which is beautiful and very inviting hard to believe this was Joey's of Chicago before. We started off with a couple of the flatbreads and margaritas for the table. Let me tell you that the margaritas are out of this world; there is nowhere in the area that you can get a hand crafted margarita like these ones. For my entrée I had the carne asada taco's and they were delicious; cooked perfectly and seasoned to a tee! The service here is great the waiters are very prompt and everyone is very friendly. This is a MUST try if you are in the area!!!
Sauce is either hit or miss. It's a bit on the expensive side and suffers from mediocre management. It's one of those semi self-serve places; you walk up to a cashier to order; seat yourself; wait for servers to bring your order to your table and they might also come around to ask you if you need anything such as a drink refill.The ambiance is hip; comfortable and open which makes it an ideal spot to catch-up with friends. An entree item (pizza or salad) will cost you around $10. The pizzas are scrumptious but I suggest getting normal/thin crust over their newer thick/pan crust. Every time I've had the thicker crust it's been over-cornmeal'd. Being on a budget; I usually order the mushroom and artichoke bruschetta and a soft drink for just under $7. If I can spend a bit more I'll go for the caesar salad; though I skip the unsatisfactorily dry; cold chicken add-on.The service is even more hit-or-miss than the food. Their staff seems to have a high turn-over rate with the exception of a couple great food servers. I've had visits where the employees have been fantastic; and others where the cashiers have acted like I was doing them a favor. During a particularly unfortunate and embarrassing incident a young woman incorrectly took my order and when the resulting price was significantly more than it should have been I politely corrected her. She then stormed off into the kitchen and yelled at the staff; HE DOESN'T WANT THE PIZZA ANYMORE!! HE WANTS THE BRUSCHETTA NOW. loud enough to be clearly heard from the dining area. I should have then called a manager but instead I accepted the $7 embarrassment and wouldn't return for nearly six months.I've since returned to satisfactory experiences. Hit or miss ... it's the risk you take.
Crepes are utterly fabulous!
Just had dinner at this Outback Steakhouse; what a great place; I love their food; and the service is just great.  This is a wonderful restaurant;  Last year; we went to the OBS in Surprise; AZ; and what a disappointment; the owner was very rude; and the service; just okay; so; I really didn't want to try another OBS; in AZ; but; what a surprise; the food was wonderful and the service was great.  Our waiter; Aaron; was incredible and so personable.  Penny; the Mgr. on Duty; so; lovely.  We will go back; what a wonderful way to celebrate New Years Day.  When in AZ; you should all go.
First time here. Friday night so it was busy. I find that to be a good sign. We sat outside. Our pizza took 40 minutes. However everything tasted very good. I will come back.
I have taken my children ages 10 and 1 to Dr. Gina Montion at Pediatrix since they were born and I can't express how wonderful she is!! We never wait more than a few minutes and Dr. Montion ALWAYS takes her time with my children. My son has ADHD and can talk your ear off; but Dr. Montion listens to his every word and not only does she explain things to us; but she takes the time to explain things to my son that are helpful to him. She always follows up with us and is truly an excellent doctor. We live about 35 minutes away; but we wouldn't dream of switching to a doctor who is closer to our house!! If you are looking for a truly amazing and genuinely caring pediatrician; Dr. Gina Montion at Pediatrix is who you HAVE to take your children!! She's THE BEST!!
I love this place or I should say I love their ceviche!  If you like ceviche; you MUST try the Hot and Raw Tropical Ceviche; it is amazing!  Also; be conservative when adding in the fresh diced habanero pepper that comes on top....it will sneak up on you as you get to the bottom of the bowl.   If you are not into spice Sol has; I think; four kinds of ceviche and I highly recommend 3 of them (not a fan of the shrimp one).  Another brownie point for Sol is their complimentary; yummy; unique 'chips and salsa'.  Many Mexican places have moved more towards making you pay for the chips and salsa; so I appreciate them keeping with my all-time favorite Mexican restaurant tradition :)I have had a few of their entrees as well and the food is superbly made and beautifully presented.  They definitely add a little extra 'Sol flare' to all their food; which usually isn't a bad thing; but you should not be expecting 'traditional' Mexican food while dining at Sol.  My servers and bartenders have always been knowledgeable about the food and pleasant- the other reason I keep coming back apart from the ceviche!  In terms of ambiance this is definitely chic for a Mexican Restaurant- no tacky bright decor and neon lights here!  The patio is also very inviting with misters during the hot summers and it is attached to one side of the bar; making it rather lively if it is hopping.  My one complaint about Sol is the prices are a bit steep for Mexican food (around $13 for 3 tacos; entrees $15-$30 & house margarita $8+); but I guess they do have to pay rent at the Scottsdale Quarter so I will cut them slack on that.  I should also mention they have a decent happy hour from 3-6 everyday; so if you are on a tighter budget you should go then.  Unfortunately my favorite; the Hot and Raw Ceviche; is not on the Happy Hour menu.
One of the main hangouts in SCW for the locals.  Not one of my personal favorites food wise.  Everything tasted bland.  In fact; I've had a lot better breakfasts at a few of the local golf courses.  The staff however is wonderful.  Everyone was really friendly; and quick; I didn't have to ask to have my water refilled once.  Too bad about the food though; or this could be a very good local spot.
Had breakfast this morning at Distrito; ordered the Distrito Eggs Benedict. I was thinking that was a safe bet; how do you screw up Eggs Benedict?  Well; I'll tell you:The menu describes the dish as comprised of Chorizo; Black Truffle Hollandaise and Brioche. Sounds creative and yummy; right? Think again.There was a SINGLE piece of unbuttered; generic egg bread toast; sliced diagonally. ON ONE SLICE was a poached egg. THE OTHER SLICE was completely dry. A poached egg laid on the plate; disconnected to the toast in any way. Also on the plate was a tablespoon of greasy fried chorizo; and another of non-descript Hollandaise. The entire thing was sprinkled with a confetti of some kind of sprouts or greens. I had this paltry offering and a cup of decaf - the bill (including 20% tip) came to $21!Jose Garces; you should be ashamed. Literally; WTF?!!
What an awful experience. Pizza was rather good however; the service at this place is abysmal. We thought that the menu was lacking in options and seemed rather limited. With the lack of options on the menu it's hard to feed picky children. You don't want to cater to them? well; we'll go somewhere else. However; that was the least of the issues with this disaster experience. Anti-pasta as a starter was fresh and nice and we ordered the pizza it came out hot and tasted nice and fresh. I liked the pizza as I used to live in NY; but my wife didn't. Service at the table was somewhat slow too. Forgot our bar order and then it took nearly 10 minutes to get it when we reminded the sever about it. I was nearly done eating when it arrived. Server auto-check dropped with no offer of dessert. So my wife and the kids went across the way to Frost Ice Cream for dessert and I went to the bar to have a glass of wine and watch the game. I sat at the bar for seven minutes without being greeted and nearly walked out. The bartender in passing then said did you want to eat something? and I said no I had already eaten I want to have a glass of wine. She brought me the menu for food and beer but no wine list. I ended up sitting there another 12 MINUTES before she addressed me again saying you need something? REALLY; nearly 20 minutes at the bar empty handed and she wonders if I need something.  With that said; I had set our leftover pizza box on the bar when I sat down. While I was seated the bartender took it off the bar top and put it underneath the bar. I didn't think much of it as I suspected that she put it there for safekeeping and to free up bar space. Anyhow; it took nearly 20 minutes from the time I sat down to the time I got a glass of wine which in my opinion is absolutely ridiculous. In the time that my wife the kids were gone I probably would've had two glasses of wine and a Sambuca but I barely had time to finish the one glass. I went to tab out and this also took way too long as my wife and the kids stood behind me at the bar waiting for 10 minutes while I tabbed out. Once this painstaking process was finished she took the check presenter and walked away without comment or eye contact. I had to call her back and say; hey; can I have my pizza so we can go please? She then looked at me with the quizzical face and said; What pizza? I reminded her of my pizza she put under the bar and she returned; oh; I didn't know that was yours I threw it out. I looked at her and said; There was half of a large pizza in there. She looked at me with a blank stare and said; I can have you made a personal pizza and only take about 10 minutes? I said no that's not acceptable. First; I had a half large pizza in there and second; we have to go now because the kids have school in the morning. She said oh okay and then turns her back on us and goes to the register without further comment. Offering no further solution to the problem she created. I found that absolutely astonishing and insulting. To throw my pizza away and then give me a lame solution was stupid. (The pizza we ordered was like 25 or $28 and personal pizzas is like 10 bucks) To just turn your back on us and leave us standing there like Hobo Joe's was really incredible and surreal.  I'll never come back to this place. I dropped $125 in this pizza joint and left really pissed off. Lastly; one of my employees had been dining with us and he was so upset he called the manager. The manager asked him for my name and address and said that he would contact me to discuss what had happened. Whatever; I didn't really care anymore and just simply won't ever go back. There's lot of places to spend money at. Like a week later I got a $25 gift card in the mail with absolutely no explanation; no letter; no contact name; and no verbiage whatsoever except my name scribbled on it - and they misspelled my friggin name as well.  All this really insulted me a 2nd time. Like throwing a gift card at me remedies that crappy experience. I threw their lame offering in the trash. Hope your happy with my $125.00 as you'll never see a cent out of us again.
3.5 Stars: Good service; great location; but I felt that the food was a bit over priced and not a good value. The food that we ate was excellent; but not sure I would be willing to pay the price for that portion size/quality
-Ate some TASTY food (Soft Shell Crab Rolls; dumplings and calamari were my   favorite): CHECK-Downed at least six sake bombers (could have been more):CHECK-Belted out some righteous tunes:CHECK-Worked a stripper pole:CHECKHad a great time with the work c
Sushi was good.Service was slow.Not bad if you have some time to waste before a movie; but not really worth it if you are traveling specifically to come here. There are better locations for sushi nearby.
I've eaten here about three times now; and I have to say I'm a fan. I've eaten at their location in Gilbert several times before; so I knew what to expect when walking in.The place is colorfully decorated; with different colored tables and chairs of all sizes for seating.  Their food is cooked fresh; they will make what you want to order on or off the menu.  I usually go with the shredded beef taco with some kind of beans and rice.  This is a hearty meal; and let me tell you; its filling and delicious. I love their shredded beef; as its really moist and juicy. Their tortilla's are made fresh by hand; and you can watch them  make it as your standing in line.Overall I love this place; but at times; I feel rushed through line. I also have a hard time hearing the guys behind the counter when they ask me stuff like what I want on my taco.  Honestly; I know my hearing is good; so I think its the noise from behind the counter that drowns them out.  I have to ask them a lot to repeat themselves; and its not that they aren't loud enough....but in between the glass that's separating you and the noise from the kitchen; I have to keep saying HUH? ONE MORE TIME PLEASE.Also; sometimes i feel rushed at the register when i pay. I take my time and put my money back in my wallet and make sure I have everything before I take my tray; and sometimes I feel like they want me to hurry up so they can keep the line down; and not have it pile up.  (I know; fussy; right?)  LOLOverall; I love their food here and I really enjoy eating here. I plan on coming back in the future to eat more; and even though its on the pricier size; I'm definitely a fan!
WOW!!!! As you can see i wrote a review here before and i gave it three stars and said the customer service was horrible. Let me tell you i had to pinch myself!!!!! I came here to try this place again and the young lady actually said hello!!! The atmosphere was calmed down a bit. When i used to come here the employees usually didn't give me time to order so i had to blurt out whatever came to mind. This time i and them took time. And also i asked them about the volcano slush and they said whats in there.So i got my drink and it was DELICIOUS!!!!!!!!!! ill say keep it up Boba Tea House and i WILL be back for more!
I really enjoy Paradise Bakery but since Panera Bread took them over it has lost its charm and the quality of the food offered has been reduced to the Chain food that Panera sells. It's a shame to see this once great place be turned into an average quality bakery. I still go often because of the location but I expect that when they turn it into Panera Bread and the only thing left is the sign that says Paradise Bakery; I will move on to another place for lunch and breakfast. Four stars for now but in time this will be a three star bakery. The staff are still wonderful and the service is great. I hope Panera treat them well because if the service suffers this will be a two star place.
Came in today and Jacob hooked us up on fixing a flat when we thought for sure needed a new tire. No charge!
one of our favorite restaurants on Central...the food has always been delicious; the happy hour deals are awesome; and honestly; everytime we eat here; we get outstanding service. The prices are super reasonable...the environment is relaxing and stylish. The music is versatile. If you are with a large party; its best to make a reservation...we typically head here on weekends and it has always been pretty busy!
Tortillas fresh brings me here; Store has fair prices and lots of produce
Firehouse Subs is a great sandwich place.  The food is great and the employees are always very friendly and helpful.  The atmosphere is nice and they also have one of those cool soda machines.  I work in the same plaza and my company has ordered a sandwich tray from them for lunch many times.  It's always ready on time and reasonably priced.
We had catered; Good! Not only was the sandwich great; we got desert to and it was amazing! Totally loved!
When this was an ACE; I would agree with all the previous posters.  But now that they have given up the ACE name; the service has really gone down hill.  And they have nothing on the shelves - saying that they are changing over.  But the change over has been going on since July!  And they STILL have no stock.  JIM - WE ARE STILL WAITING.........
A small restaurant located inside the Baiz Grocery story. The food is not that bad; although I have not tasted enough of the dishes...The meat pies and chicken shawarma were the big deals for me and I really like them.
I always enjoy eating here.  Kale salad is great.  However I would like the carrots chopped in the crudite.  I felt a little like a baby rabbit.
Worth every star. Chicken crunchy tacos-awesome; cheese enchiladas with red or green sauce-great; green chili pork soup-excellent.  Everything we have ordered has been wonderful.  Highly recommend.
Really nice zoo with a layout that proves quite conducive to getting close to the animals but I must say the nickel and diming is a bit off-putting; $3 to look at Stingrays; $5 to pet a giraffe; $6 for a wheelchair; etc - it is a wonder they don't charge you to park.  Good collection and a nice layout; but not necessarily a 'top tier' zoo despite the $20 admission price.
First (and last) time at Joyful.  On the positive side; they are friendly; the service is good; the place is clean and it's also relatively nice for a strip mall Chinese restaurant.  On the downside; which is the most important factor; the food is mediocre; at best.  Actually; I take that back.  It's pretty bad.  2 stars for the above mentioned pluses; but zero stars for the food.  War wonton was the smallest large portion I've ever seen.  No pork present and it only had 2 strips of chicken; (processed and rubbery) 2 whole wontons and 1 broken piece of a third.  Never had this few wontons in a large serving and never saw such a small bowl.  Taste was okay; portion and stuff in it; was minimal.  Other items well priced and large portions; but wasn't interested in eating them; so it didn't matter.  Sweet and sour sauce too sour and too thin.  I am surprised at all the positive comments; but then I noticed they are rather old; so maybe things have changed since.  Wish it was better; cuz the location is perfect; the price is right and they seem to be nice people.  I'll take Golden Wok over this any day.
I came here a few times and the food was delightful.. Loved the pancakes and the home made corn tortillas. The missing star is for the service. They are really Nice; but they need more staff.. The prices are very reasonable. Im deffinitely coming back.
I think this is really 3 1/2 stars so know that going in.  Also know that I'm going to be really; really picky right now because I think they can handle it.Mother-daughter lunch New Year's day. Walked in to a not-too-full; not-too-empty restaurant at 1:30.  Hostess was charming....and our waitress was as well. Very; very good service.Ordered the chips and dip (again) - they were perfect.  I see I wrote last time they were a little greasy....this time we couldn't stop commenting about how NOT greasy they were. Perfectly browned; crispy and delicious. Plus we swore the basket kept refilling itself. No matter how much we ate it never seemed like it was disappearing.  Weird.Daughter had the grilled cheese sliders (with bacon and tomato) and liked it a lot.  I had the seared tuna salad....and here's where I'm going to get picky.  The whole thing was waaaaayyy too cold. Especially the lettuce.  I felt like the flavors had absolutely no chance to work together to create a deeper flavor.  Towards the end; as it almost came to room temperature; I started to actually be able to taste the flavors of the tuna; the light dressing; the avocado; the cashews and the wasabi balls (or whatever those are called). Please....don't serve this salad that cold.....it truly does make it fairly flavorless. Also - the wasabi thing-a-ma-jiggys really didn't add anything - the cashews gave me a crunch - put a little wasabi in the dressing if you want that flavor in there.I'd still come back - I like the atmosphere; the service; and definitely the menu choices.
What a terrific spot to enjoy lunch in the cozy dining area. The Greek salad with grilled chicken is excellent...fresh; light and filling. I would also recommend the roll up dinners for four. We get a variety of roll ups; chicken; steak and spinach. And their chocolate cake is amazing. This place always provides top notch service.
Took my mom out to Lo-Lo's for dinner on the 29th.  This was my 3rd time at Lo-Lo's and the 1st since the expansion.  The place looks great!  It was a busy Saturday night and the restaurant was packed; but they still found us a table very quickly.  I ordered the Famous Soul Food Platter w/ 3 pieces of chicken; a cornbread muffin; mac & cheese; a waffle and some of that good ol' lemonade.  My mom got the Toy-Toy (I think that's 2 wings and a waffle) and some grape Kool-Aid.We expected to wait a while for our food; but it was on the table in no time.  Our chicken was hot; crispy and juicy; even better w/ that hot sauce.  The mac was good; cheesy and not cooked to death (which I really appreciated).  That corn muffin was tasty and the waffles... they were just BOMB.  I rolled up a piece of chicken in it and that really set it off.Even with all those people in there; the staff didn't even seem stressed.  They checked on us and made sure we were taken care of.  Everybody was all smiles the whole time and our server gave us a God bless on the receipt.  Nice touch!I'll be back.  You better believe I WILL be back.
This is solely for the Spinach Salad I ordered EVERY night for room service staying @ Talking Stick. Maybe it is because I am Canadian; but this is the BIGGEST salad of life! Ok not like Cheesecake Factory size; but a damn good portion for late night munchies for a great price!Also when my fiancee and I got in late on Saturday we came down for dinner around 11pm and ate in the dining room. I wish so badly I could rem the lady that served us; but wow was she sweet! So attentive and nice! Brought me like 5 different hot sauces when I asked if they had any sauce. She wanted to make sure I got what I was asking for. Grrr still makes me mad that I can't remember her name to acknowledge her great service! Anyways; this is a GREAT place for late time food; order in/take out/room service!
Under New Management
Butter buns..ummm..passed this time!  I tried the pot roast dinner.  Not bad.  The meat was tender and the side portion of mash potatoes and greens were good.  The dining room was full of  families.  There's something for everyone from burgers; cheese curds; shakes; sundaes to pot roast and fried chicken. If you have kids; check this place out! Clean; good food and the staff is friendly and helpful.
I've seen fellow Yelpers mention how much they love Postino's; and I finally got there! Friends and I met here for wine and light bites before heading to the Zoo Lights. Parking is a pain (I'll park my own car; thankyouverymuch) but after that it was all good. It was a chilly Phoenix night; but the open wall seems to somehow work well -- the outside seating melds nicely into the inside. If the forecast calls for cool temps; I recommend that you bring a light jacket.All of the staff I encountered were great. The first chick recommended a fabulous red which I enjoyed immensely. When my friends arrived; we had the Pub Board and a couple of Bruschetta boards -- fantastic!!  We had fig and apple; warm artichoke spread; smoked salmon and capers; roasted peppers and goat cheese...just delicious. The pretzels and spicy mustard were the best I've ever had; anywhere. The atmosphere and ambiance are close to perfect. I'll definitely bring friends here!
I've been here a few times and the best thing about the garage is the atmosphere. The food is also pretty tasty; the happy hour is reasonable. The service is sub par though. I feel like the garage is a solid bar that wants to be a restaurant; but the service is holding them back.
Watch out. This bank charges $14 per month for not maintaining a $10;000 balance.
My feelings about Cafe Rio turned dubious when I saw prices higher than Chipotle or Qdoba; with fewer meat choices (no carnitas!). The dubiousness doubled down when  I got a look at the fixings.It was a long look; as the large staff seemed utterly uninclined to wait on me. After a long while; one gal pointed me out to another; who smiled at her coworker and went back to whatever she was doing with the grill. At this point; I gave up and left.The idea that checking off store tasks is way more important than waiting on customers probably comes from management; so I'm not going to blame the very young and probably inexperienced staff. But if it's your business model to figure that customers can damned well wait until somebody gets around to them and there's no hurry or need to even acknowledge them waiting; then you'd best be either way cheaper or way better quality than your competition. There is no reason I'd give Cafe Rio a second chance.I went to one of the other restaurants in the same strip and had a very nice experience there.
Pretty pricey but consistently good food. The breakfasts on Sunday morning is rather nice.
Took family here for dinner; I love the liver and onions here; wife said green chili burro was really spicier this go; service was over worked and it showed overall enjoyed the meal. Had breakfast the following day here; again staff was over worked and pretty long wait times to get food to table; food was great and filling overall again a great value for the meal.
Best juices around - and they're the real deal (cold pressed; nutrient dense; organic etc.)!  Their food is awesome too.
I really like Switch. The crowd was a nice mix of people which is something I look for in a restaurant. We each started with a side Caesar salad which had an abundance of cheese; it was the best Caesar I've ever had. I ordered the mac & cheese with lobster & crab; it was so cheesy and delicious. I paid extra for the seafood; but they seemed a little skimpy with it. My hubby ordered some spicy burger; don't think he'd get it again.We were seated promptly and received our food quickly. We will be back and next time I'll save room for dessert.
Ordered a gyro combo and a combination appetizer; also tasted the beef shawarma. Everything was very good and came out to the table quickly. The gentleman working the counter was also helpful in recommending items and was very friendly. I will definitely be going back there in the near future.
Bacon breakfast burrito is the best around....along with plenty of red salsa and it is perfect.This location is spotless which is awesome.  The service is great too.  This is the kind of place many higher end places should aspire to be.
I love this place; it is good for a hike or a jog or even a simple walk.  Glad i discovered such an amazing oasis.
Cute things at reasonable prices.   I always find something slightly unusual here.
Great place for dinner. We love the ahi tuna tacos. Good atmosphere as well.
Love this place!  Great service and food every time I've been there. I've taken my family and clients and every time we've left happy. Love the variety on the menu though it could be a bit big. The coupons are great as well.
Very solid middle eastern food in a below average location. Chicken shwerma was the outstanding as was the Taboule and Gyro meat. Very reasonably priced as well which is good because the atmosphere is quite bad and the neighborhood is not the greatest.Also; do yourself a favor; don't look into the kitchen when you're paying. Just don't. Clearly the health inspector is being paid to look the other way at this place. At this delicious place!!
I love Dr. Deka; but could never get in to see anyone but her nurse practitioner; who missed some pretty simple things.  Sent me to two different specialists for 2 separate problems; both stated my gyn should have known what this was.  They never sent copies of my tests to specialists despite my calls and never reported back to me with test results.  Waste of time; sad I won't be seeing Dr. Deka but relieved I never need to see her nurse practitioner again!
Mcgraths fish house used to be the worst resturant in this complex; but now that that's gone elephant bar is the winner of the worst. The pictures on the menu were like a dating site - easy to be mislead to expect something great to only be disappointed when delivered. Terriayki chicken that my husband described as being killed; beaten; finely choped; fried beyond recognition; and them being merrinated in soy sauce for a week. The veggies he compared to the left overs found on the stove When the grill was cleaned. The Asian in my Asian chicken salad must have been left in customs. No matter how many rice noodles are piled on the salad; it just can't be improved.
Mediocre food and poor service. Went in there today for lunch and the server brought me the wrong drink; and it took him 10 minutes to come back to fix it. He brought me the right order; but nobody offered to refill my drinks or even see how the meal was. Finally; when I asked about dessert; he disappeared for another 10 minutes and told me not to bother because it had freezer burn. I won't be back.
Very poor service.  Went in for late afternoon lunch (3:00) and the restaurant was less than half full but looked like a good number of servers working.  We were sat at a table and there we sat for 10 minutes without ever being acknowledged by any of the servers that walked by our table - after 10 min we walked out.   Good service isn't hard people - it's not rocket science.
The Brown butter sauce and pesto ranch are both worth trying at least once.
Ate here tonight! This is a really nice; spacious restaurant with an outdoor area that had live music tonight. We ate indoors though; and the decor and general ambiance was really nice. Not so uptight as to make you feel uncomfortable to eat with your family; but certainly befitting the price range and quality.I have a few minor quibbles that would make this more of a 4.5 star review; but I thought I'd round up since they're so insignificant.To begin with; the food and beverages were good! I had the Strawberry Tea and my mom had the Mango Lemonade; and they were both flavorful without tasting artificial. No review on the alcoholic drinks; unfortunately. The meals were VERY generously sized (Seriously; we all took home enough to have a second and possibly third meal tomorrow) and good... for the most part. The fried crabfinger dinner was a bit salty and the lobster bisque might not be for everyone. The clam chowder and pasta mardi gras were amazing though. Also; beware the dirty rice--the taste really lives up to the name; and you may not be prepared for it. My mom; thinking it was just a clever name for a rice pilaf; certainly wasn't.Service was great! Our waiter was very ninja-like; suddenly reappearing with refills. He was extremely friendly and helpful with the menu. Our only issue was that at one point; as we were at the end of our meal; he seemed to disappear completely. We wanted to get our plates boxed and our check paid; and that took much longer than we expected. Still; it wasn't exactly a hassle waiting for him to show up and I'm sure we could have been more proactive about getting the bill if we had really been in a rush.In short; a great place to dine if you don't mind spending a bit of money. Considering this is seafood and they give you huge plates; I think the cost is definitely worth it; but don't be surprised to see those $20-$30+ entrees.
Bartender was knowledgeable; friendly and knew how to make my favorite drink (a boulevardier) without having to look it up.  Upon ordering my second one; I made a suggestion as to how he could improve it (more compari) and he did as told and the second drink was even better.I ordered the pig ears for curiosity's sake.  The texture was slightly off-putting (the portion size was too big); but they were well seasoned and the salsa that came with it was very delicious.
Good food; good beer; good service; and i can choose between concert side or just drinking side.
Stopped by today. They were having a cheerleading fundraiser for a local high school. We waited 40 minutes for our food. My lemonade was not refilled the entire time. Food is set down. Right away I can tell my wife's avacado on her salad had been sitting out for quite some time. It is browned. Everything on my plate; a regular slam; is cold. I left; no charge. Upset enough to drive to ihop 6 miles away. 2 out of 10; would not eat here again. To be fair I believe it was the waitress' fault and not the kitchen.
Yummy! Cool concept and good choices! Get the chili!!
I had gone to The Elephant Bar a few times when I worked at the mall and I always enjoyed the atmosphere and food. Then a couple of months ago I took my boyfriend; who had never been ; and he fell in love with it! Now it is one of our go to spots. No matter what you are craving; or if it is a night when you just can't figure out what you want; as soon as you sit down and look at the menu; your appetite suddenly arrives! I love sitting in the booths that look like train cars - it is just a fun place to hang out and have good food and good service. I know we will be back.
Super lunch place if you're anywhere close; and for happy hour. Good beers on tap. Try the crispy eggplant sandwich. And always ask to hear the specials...worth it!!
Oh the Nutcracker. Such a beautiful ballet.Symphony Hall looks very festive right now; all dressed up for Ballet Arizona's performances of The Nutcracker. It was a beautiful; beautiful show. From the lighter twist on the rats and their king; to the gorgeous set and sleigh that Clara and her prince ride on. Just beautiful. Ive seen this ballet a hundred times and it never gets old. My faves parts included Claras weird uncle (whose name always escapes me); the Christmas tree that grew; the Spanish Coffee dance (my fave piece of music); and the Sugar Plum fairy's big solo.Our seat were awesome and wouldve been amazing if not for the 2 teenagers sitting next to us that talked and texted during the entire 2nd act. Some people are so rude. Other than them; it was a delightful evening.Thanks Lindsey! My friend Krystl thanks you too!!
Staff is friendly. Smoothies are a little sugary for my taste. Coffee is great.
Simply one of the best events I've ever been to. I was not ready for the hospitality and amazingly delicious food/wine served to us by Tanzy. They went above and beyond in every manner; including giving us a quick tour of iPic.This party was hosted by the fabulous Lindsey; of course; joined by nearly all of the managers of Tanzy; the chef of the evening and the actual makers of the wine we were sipping on. Our table was also graced by Jessica P. of Tanzy who led us along the culinary adventure we were about to travel down.Our first courses consisted of mozzarella; fresh fruit selections and bruschetta; beef carpaccio; appetizer meats; calamari - all of which were spectacular and what I expected from this taste. Then came out the heavy hitting entrees that blew everyone away. We tasted the most tender falling-off-the bone short ribs; seared scallops; tempura-fried Brussels sprouts; filet mignon that needed no introduction; risotto; bolognese and a delicate and flaky salmon. Just 100% WOW on every level. Meanwhile; the different wines kept coming around; as our personal sommelier made sure that everyone tried what they wanted. They even passed around a couple of the house specialty cocktails; that most people then ordered on their own tab.To top it all off; I walked away with a pretty nifty dartboard in the White Elephant gift exchange. Needless to say; I was a very happy Yelper last night and everyone we enjoyed it with (including my date; Erin M) had an amazing time.Thanks again to Lindsey; Yelp; everyone at Tanzy; Jessica P. and fellow Yelpers for making it an incredible night I won't forget. I am sure to be back to Tanzy and iPic in the near future!
I love sushi!I wasn't uber impressed this time.  Their seaweed was a little bit chewy which is not typical of this place.  The Cotton Roll didn't disappoint.  It was well rolled and didn't fall apart; as was the Shrimp Tempura Roll.  I know a Philly roll isn't all that complicated but this one lacked something.  We did go for lunch; so the prices were great.  They have a lunch special where you choose 2 rolls from a list of selected rolls/sashimi and also get a salad and miso soup (salad dressing is da' bomb!) and all this for only $7.95.  We ordered a side of fried rice...if possible;  next time I'd ask if they can leave out the onions...way too many raw onions and no me gusta raw onions! Next time you're in the far west valley...stop by and say Ahhhh Haiii! to this place!  I will be going back and hopefully the seaweed isn't chewy cuz I'll have to say; Ahhhh...byeeeee!
In the last decade; there has been a proliferation of locations like this around the country.  This one is near the Glendale Sports Complex; so it should attract a lot of out of towners.  If I was a local; I don't think I'd come here often.  It is pretty touristy.  Selection of shops and restaurants is OK; but nothing special.  Parking is plentiful and free.  I find it curious that they also have a free shuttle to the local outlet mall.  OK to stop if you want to seek out one of the shops or restaurants; but would not be a good place to browse.
I love Bob at Asian Auto. I went here upon recommendation after going to another shop that was clearly trying to rip me off. Sure enough; Bob said I only needed a small portion of the service they recommended; and he saved me a lot of money. Another time I went in; I mentioned a minor noise my car was making. He said that he could fix the noise; but it would be around $200 and it's not something that needed to be fixed; just a noise issue. It wasn't a bother to me so I didn't spend the money. Both of these visits really show how honest Bob is. He always does good work and is timely; and is a very friendly guy!
Happy Hour scam alert: Went back for the late night happy hour last night and some things discovered are not making me happy; but it clearly making Thirsty Lion richer. They commit the thing I hate most at Happy Hours - short portions. The rueben sliders are 3 sliders in a normal order for $7.95; but happy hour gives you only two for $5.95 and same with the burgers and same with the potato bacon cakes; etc. This does only qualify Happy hour as occurring in the minds of clueless patrons who don't worry about the details or what's right. IT is not a Happy Hour if all your doing is shortchanging the portions to save your bottom line. All your doing is giving us less and charging us slightly less to make it appear like we are getting a deal. Well; the corporate idiots at Thirsty Lion have achieved their goals because the food is still good; so now the next time I have to order a non-happy hour version (even during happy hour) to satisfy me. Yeah the corned beef on the rueben was really great (one of the better; beer braised) and peppery saurkraut made me wanting more. The HH pretzel was average; the beer cheese sauce needed more cheese. Bartender was nice and place was quite crowded as well.    Food overall is still 5 stars; but HH scamming makes it two stars.
Gorgeous resort! The grounds are kept clean and beautiful. The service is great as well! We went to the spa here. I got a therapeutic massage by Sara. She was awesome. It was about 50 minutes of kneading all my knots out. It was a little painful (I told her I like deep pressure massages); but in a good way. I consider myself spa-anxious: I find myself asking all these crazy questions; such as; do i wear my underwear during the massage? what if they open the door while i am undressing? should i go to the bathroom AGAIN? yes; spa-anxiety. For those who are wondering; wear your underwear. They will give you a robe and you will not be walked in on while you are placing yourself on the massage table. You will typically be face-down on the table; and there are soft sheets you place over your bum.Anyway; the spa-waiting area is nice. A lot of tasty flavored water (e.g. strawberry infused; lemon infused; cranberry tea); hot teas; and coffees available. Coffee = hence the; should i got to the bathroom AGAIN?!? inquiry. Don't drink coffee before your massage is my tip. The waiting area is unisex; so I got to hang out with my hubby before our massage. After the glorious massage; we went to the pool area above the spas. With your spa tx; you can get access to the pool areas. There are multiple pools to go to; one in which is adult only (nice!). There is an outdoor eating service; Oasis. They have tasty lunch foods to order and they will bring it to your lounge chairs. I recommend the mahi burger and quesadillas! There are also games available on the grassy knolls around the pool. We played croquet. It felt pretty classy...although we were pretty horrible at the game. In all; a great resort. A bit expensive; but worth the money if you want to spend all day there to lounge; eat; relax; and play. I cannot say anything about the hotel rooms though!
I grew up eating bentos since I'm from Hawaii and I was thrilled to find this store. The bentos here are delish!! You do have to come early to get them tho since I believe they do run out quickly. I once stopped in during the mid afternoon and they were all sold out.  Now I usually stop by around 11 am.  The store inventory is pretty low but I don't really care since I just come here for their bentos and aloha maid drinks.
I really like this place but wish it didn't close at 2 pm- I'm not always good about taking my lunch at a reasonable time.I've had several sandwiches and wraps as well as their ceasar salad and I've been satisfied each time.The service is usually very friendly.
I admit it.  I'm a pizza snob.  I grew up in New Jersey and know the difference between good pizza and bad pizza.  Good pizza is anything you could serve in Lodi; N.J. and not have your body found in the dumpster behind the store the next morning.  Bad pizza constitutes about 99.999% of the rest of the pizza in the world.  Having voluntarily moved out of N.J. at age 18 to attend college (I didn't feel the need to major in herpes; Camaro repair; or ab workouts; so my options were severely limited there); I was taken aback at the culinary wasteland that exists west of the Passaic river.  I found this abomination called frozen pizza in grocery stores under names like Red Baron and the very appropriately named Tombstone.  I found racks of pizza-like-substances in truck stops; obviously part of a nefarious plan to punish the bathroom attendants working there.  And worst of all; there were restaurants called Pizza Hut; which emanated a neon red siren-call to me as I drove down the highway.  In what I attribute mostly to road-hypnosis (staring at the white dotted line for hours at a time); the talking koala bear in my passenger seat finally convinced me to stop at one of these places.  After being slapped back into reality by ingesting over a half-gallon of pure grease; and utterly disgusted with my furry friend's trickery; I snuck out when he went to the little-koala-bear's-room and peeled out of the parking lot; sticking him with the bill.  I hope washing those dishes ruined his fur.  From that point on; rather than return to New Jersey (as if that were a viable option); I decided to scour the vast majority of this great nation in search of edible pizza.  I spent many of those years living with soul-crushing disappointment.  Lucky for me; I finally found Lucky's.  The owners have cleverly tucked this gem away in a strip mall 20+ miles out of the burgeoning metropolis that is Phoenix; Arizona; where damn near no one who lives in the entire valley will ever find it.  Hell; most people who live in Phoenix couldn't find Surprise without a GPS; so the chances of someone from Mesa or Chandler wandering in are roughly the same as being given the winning Powerball ticket by a lonely koala covered in pizza grease and dishwashing detergent.  After one taste; I was hooked.  After living less than a mile away from the place for the past decade; I'm pretty sure I've financed at least one of the cars parked outside of it.  Mercifully; they don't deliver; otherwise I'm not sure I could fit through my front door at this point.  From reading other yelp reviews; it appears that Lucky's has other items on the menu.  I never noticed.
I really like coming here - it's my go-to let's go somewhere fun! place. Their pricing is really fair (even if I do wish the seaweed salad were cheaper); and I really enjoy the experience. The serving staff is always friendly; and it's a really great place to go for a quick lunch that will break up the sandwich monotony of everyday life.Also; How Do You Roll? is a GoodDining participating restaurant; so there's the added bonus that when I go; a portion of my sale goes to my favorite charity! Woo!
I tried to think of an interesting; intellectual; and unique word to describe Nobuo but all I could think of was; meh. The food was unique but not special. It was eerily similar to blue hound in that it was a funky weird. The tater tots I must say were very Meh; two stars. The Japanese fries Meh; two stars. The ox tail house special was extra Meh; bland tuff; sadly weird. The eggplant was good; i think because there was bacon in the sauce; 3 and 1/2 stars. The grapefruit and himachi was the best dish: mind you I'm not fond of avocado; grapefruit; or Himachi but this dish worked well; 4 and 1/2 stars.A young lady was our server and she was really meh. At a restaurant that serves unique dishes the server should be extra helpful and knowledgeable and she was neither. It seemed as though she didn't want to be there. The restaurant was basically empty on a Friday night at 730; not a good sign.Do I regret going; no. Will I return; no.
Horrible service.  We had waited 45 minutes and still didn't have our food. The table next to us came in 20 minutes after us; ate their food; and left.  At one point the server brought us our drinks and said let me go put down my tray and I will come right back to take your order.  It took her 15 minutes to put down her tray.  She also said sorry your food isn't up yet; we had a large table ahead of yours; she was saying this as another table next to us; who had ordered after us was receiving their food.  I am sure she took our order and had to put down her tray before she sent the order to the kitchen.  We left without eating.
Excellent food; and excellent service!    The meat for the hamburger is high quality with lots of flavor.       Everyone loved the chicken nachitos.     Pricey but thats the breaks at the airport.
Last night my husband and I went to Black Angus to use our gift certificate my father gave to us over the holidays. A background - I have only been here for lunch and took to go; my husband has never been here. So we should have realized when we got there that this may not be a good idea when there is hardly ANYONE in the place. So we sat down... The atmosphere was a little dated and no real propaganda on the tables which I though was weird. It almost made the place feel like it was closing its doors soon. So we ordered... App was their fried zucchini which was amazing. I also ordered the bacon wrapped filet mignon (medium well) and my husband ordered a ribeye (medium rare). When our order came out; the presentation lacked that of a $30 plate of food. I honestly felt like I was at Dennys. My filet was bleeding and waaaay under cooked. My husband was way over cooked. His piece looked like some tri tips where pushed together surrounded by some fat. It was not appealing at all. So we sent our steaks back. The waitress was nice but not over the moon trying to help. We got our food again... and now my piece was over cooked and my husband received a new piece that looked like it was ran over by a freight train. So I began to naw away at my meat. As sides; the mashed potatoes and mac and cheese- worth NOT getting. I took a bite of each and that was it. Honestly tasted like soap and I have no idea why. I asked for a refill of my strawberry lemonade since my empty glass was sitting there for so long however there are NO refills on lemonade (weird). So i got a water... Then time passed she came back with a lemonade (as we almost were wrapping up) and said here you go for all of your problems tonight. It was just weird and awkward. Our bill was still $65 as we left and I am thankful it didn't come out of our pocket. If you are craving steak; I would recommend heading somewhere else.
In terms of the quality of rooms; this place is stellar: bright and spacious; everything feels brand new. My room was a studio type; meaning I had a living room that transitioned into a bedroom; a full kitchen and a bathroom. The cons: no bar at the place and no mini fridge; so you have to buy the pricey food at the store by the reception desk or wait till the morning for their excellent continental breakfast!
This is a must for anyone in the valley during the holidays. This is my second year attending and once again I felt the Christmas Holiday as soon as I stepped into the gardens. Never feel like I have enough time hustling from band to band. DBG did another amazing job with a great selection of music; service and of course the beauty of the luminarias thru out the gardens. We had the set meal again this time and it was well worth the additional cost. Whether you want to relax by the fire listening to Spanish guitar; or get energized by the Travelers band the DBG Luminarias is one of the most memorable yearly events in Phoenix.This event is great for families; couples or friends.
Very cute place with a great patio; but be warned that the food is really spicy! I enjoy hot food but this was borderline unedible. Margaritas were good and decor is fun and festive. Service was great and exchanged my extra spicy food without issue.
J and I went here for a quick breakfast the day after Christmas.  We had Baby C in tow with us.  Can I just say that our waitress was AWESOME!!!  I was changing Baby C's diaper in the bathroom and well; let's just say that his whole outfit needed to be changed.  Oh and the ladies bathroom had a diaper changing station!  So helpful for patrons with little ones still in diapers!  Anyway....By the time I finished cleaning him up and got back to our table.  Our food had already been dropped off.  BUT; my food was no where in sight.  The waitress asked J if she could put my order back up on the pass so it would stay hot.  So when I got back to our table; a minute later; my breakfast arrives.  My breakfast - Peanut Butter and Jelly Pancakes!  Super tasty!  As we were getting ready to leave; I asked our waitress if we could have to go cups for our drinks (my water and J's soda).  She not only brought cups; but they were filled with our beverages.  Seriously awesome grub and service!!
Love the beer; food; and service.  Wish they had some outdoor heaters for December and January though.  Great neighborhood gathering place!
Love love love the Quattro pizza.  The daily specials are always amazing and the owner is a genuine great guy!!   Take the time to chat with him if he is not too busy.Signed;Jan and Tracy-The Vespa couple
The Prime is in a muted little strip mall; just west of Dutch Bros coffee.  Inside; you'd never know it's been here 20+ years; they've implemented a nice; modern facelift to the whole interior.  We grabbed a take out order for the first time last night; and it was hands down the best Chinese food I've had in this area of town.  We shared:House Special Chicken- spicy; peppery; not too much breading; not too over-fried; not too over-sauced.  Win.  Chicken Lo-Mein: really well-done.  Wok-fried but not overdone; veg (broccoli; cabbage; onion; shoots) still had crunch to it; garlicky; sweet; heady sauce.  House Special Fried Rice: bbq pork; shrimp; beef; chicken; egg; soy fried.  So good.You know how so many times at Chinese restaurants the flavors of each dish tend to blend together; due to over-frying in the same; old oil??  Not this place.  I'm delighted I found this little gem right down the street from my house. I'll be there often; come say hi.
First time have eaten there. The food started out ok until we cut a boudin ball and found a whole fly. The response from the server was let me take it back and take a picture of it????   They said sorry and they will give us a discount coupon for our return.... Really; we will not be back. I guess the kitchen is in the same disrepair as the front of the house.
I drove by this salon after having a mani/pedi and decided to call; I wanted a hair cut and was hoping I could get in same day. I spoke to Anthony who told me he could get me in around 2. So I had a couple of hours to wait but I was fine with that since it was so last minute.  I was really happy because when I want a haircut I want a haircut now! I got there a bit early  was greeted by Anthony who was finishing up with his client.  I was happy to see that the woman he was working on hair looked great!He promptly sat me down in the chair we discussed what I wanted and 30 minutes later VOILA!  I got the best haircut I've ever had. He blew my hair dry; had me stand up so he could cut it in the back and sides to get it just perfect and it is so cute. Normally I run home and wash it and re-do it or I just leave with it wet; this was the first time I was able to go shopping directly after my cut!  I can't believe I've finally found a great stylist and he's in my back yard!
I've been here a few times and the food is always tasty; I like the atmosphere; and the service is always above and beyond. The big problem I didn't even notice until my wife pointed it out. Every guest inside the restaurant on a Friday night at 7pm was over the age of 40 (besides my wife and I). If you want a trendy place to go this isn't it; but if you're interested in terrific food try Beckett's.
We have had a Five Guys in Chicago for a long time now....Phoenix just catching up to the rest of the country? Took long enough.  I've had better experiences...I ordered a single burger; got a Double..it was way undercooked...fries were also WAY undercooked..burger was completely tasteless and boring.  Pretty bad for $12.00 hamburger.  PASS
Healthy; tasty and quick. The Trifecta. Hard to find. I didn't even really know what kind of food it was before I went. I guess it's contemporary Mediterranean?I got the chicken kabobs per the recommendation of the friendly cashier. Chicken was very good; nicely spiced. Comes with rice pilaf and greek salad; both were done well. Overall a healthy; tasty meal and a great alternative to fast food.
I was surprised to see this place.  The idea of Indian fast food had not occurred to me and it was really good.
Decent doughnuts; coffee is strong as hell! I drank one and a half cups and was up all of the following night! :-)
mall has been updated a bit but its still a little smaller and not many new stores and food to choose from in the court area. rather go to other malls a bit further with better selection on stores then go to PV which is closer. i usually go here if there is one or two things i need from a store that they have. they have a play area for the kids but its for older kids more then little ones. my daughter couldn't climb up those toys with out my help so i couldn't just leave her to play to sit down i had to be with her the whole time. they also have a carousal ride for kids in the food court... my daughter did love going on that and i went with her for free so that was a plus but i cant remember how much we paid for her to go on it anymore and how long we stayed on the ride for but it was fun for her
Spectrum Mall is wonderful.  It's everything you could possibly need.  Walmart; Ross; Anna's Linens; food for the pooch?  Got that; PetsMart.  The 14 theater Harkins is super easy access.  No parking garages that take a GPS to get out of.There's a Chinese place on the South side that gets great Yelp Reviews for cheap quick chinese.  The JC Penneys is actually really nice and their prices are super.  You need sporting goods?  Got that also.  Big 5.  The Costco is super easy to access also; with dual entrances from the North and South.  Need a cheap spatula?  Dollar Tree.   Bath and Body Works and a Claire's boutique are there also.  They also have XI; which are the young girl shops equal to H & M pricewise.  Shady people?  Panhandlers?   Yes; just like Pikes Place Market in Seatlle.  Yet; everyone thinks that  is hip when they are there or they just ignore it.   No; it's not the place to go if you want a new spendy outfit for a big event or a Coach Bag or a Happy Hour at a new restaurant.   It's fabulous though if you just need a variety of stuff and want one stop shopping.   But; if your still interested in trying to be cool; no; it's not for you.
The following is a live-Yelp of my first experience at Pizzeria Bianco.Wine: Primitivo; Antico Sigillo '10 Salento; Italy (red)I'm starting out with the usual wait (45 minutes this time) at the bar next door*. I was impressed that the hostess will come over to let you know when your table is ready. The interior of the bar is warm; intimate; and very cute. I usually take my reds from California; Spain; Australia; and Argentina...this Italian is very impressive. Full-bodied; fruity (blueberry notes); very mellow tannins; consistent from the front to the back end. Thanks to the knowledgable bartender; I have a new favorite.*The wait was more like 15 minutes. It pays to dine solo.Pizza: Rosa; with extra fennel sausage - excellent; but not for red sauce loversWhen the waiter set my pizza on the counter; my eyes got very big. It arrived piping hot and smelling delicious. It's as delicious as it smells and looks; too. The pistachios; cheese; and red onions are all melted into the wonderful crispy-tender bread. I'll ask for some olive oil...my promise to lose five pounds before New Year's Eve is now destroyed. The olive oil made a great thing even better...great for dipping the extra crust into.Summary: Artisan bread lovers and native Italians; rejoice! Dominoes take-out palettes; Chicago pizza casserole gobblers; New York grease slice fanatics; and characters of the Jersey Shore persuasion... you might want to sit this one out.
I love Core Balance Studio so much. I really love the trainers. They are highly motivational; and genuine as well. I have only attended the Real Ryder classes; but I'm going to try some of the others. This is truly what I would call a boutique gym. If you are interested in trying this place out at all; I would highly encourage you to give it a shot. You will feel welcome the first time you go; and they will challenge you physically every minute you are there. Thanks Grant!
So what can I say; it was meh at best.  We ordered the 1/2 beef and pork combo with white rice and the macaroni salad.  The beef was perfectly cooked but bland.  The BBQ pork why dry as the Sahara Desert.  We also ordered their healthy chicken option.  Once again the chicken was perfectly tender and bland.  It came with brown rice; salad; and some cabbage.  The salad and cabbage had absolutely nothing on it.  Put a little salt and vinegar on the cabbage or something and there are plenty of low fat options for salad dressing if you want to keep the healthy angle.  Would I go back and try it again?  At this point it's a coin flip.
I've been coming to Cupz N' Crepes for the last year and a half.  I really enjoy it!  It is the only real cafe in the area; but the reason I keep coming back is for their avocado and mushroom crepe.  I used to get it with ricotta; which is AMAZING.  I highly recommend it!My daughter has had some pretty amazing sweet crepes; too.  Today she had a strawberry and banana crepe with chocolate sauce; strawberry sauce and whipped cream.  I stole a bite of it and it was SO rich.  My daughter couldn't even finish half of it because it was so big.Cupz N' Crepes renovated a few months ago and the place is really cute!  It still has the Parisian theme from before; but the counter is completely redone.  The walls are all repainted.  The whole place is updated.  The family that owns this place is also very sweet to us; recognizing my daughter immediately every time we enter.  The owner is so sweet to her and makes sure to stop to chat with us; even when it is packed!I highly recommend you give it a try.  Support local Ahwatukee business and have a great meal at the same time.
Okay; this place is amazing. Healthy meals;  gluten-free options; decent portions and you can choose small; medium or large size. Calories right on the packaging. Cut up portions; microwavable containers. I love this because at work I sometimes have very brief breaks so I can eat the snack portions and then eat a lunch or dinner when I have more time. Great concept; reasonable prices and the food is prepared right there on the other side of a glass wall. Clean prep area so you know what you are getting. I'm just mad I discovered this place now after driving by it for a year. Stop in and check it out. They have a 21 day challenge you can take also.
Yeah; it's a Starbucks; but the staff are great.  Always ready with a pre-dawn smile.
I LOVE Pilates Palace as well! Kathy is personable; friendly; welcoming; most attentive and overall an excellent owner and trainer. I love my sessions!! I am already seeing amazing changes to my body; and an great increase in my strength and endurance. I would highly recommend Kathy and her Pilates studio to anyone.
This review breaks my heart. A few friends and I met up at the down town location; I was excited to see that the newly renovated and expanded LoLo's was now open for business! It is absolutely BEAUTIFUL!! That's about where the love ends with this review sadly. We were waiting for one other friend to arrive; they would not seat us until he was there; I have never had this issue at Lolo's. But wait we did. When we were finally seated the waitress took our food and drink order. 10 minutes goes by; no drinks. She comes to our table and says they are our of glasses and we have to wait for clean ones. We asked her if she could just put them in to-go cups; we didn't need the mason jars; she says sure. 10 more minutes go by. Finally out come our drinks; in mason jars. OI. Next up is the wait for the food. We literally waited an HOUR AND A HALF for our food to come to the table; and I believe the only reason why we got it then was because we had complained to the manager. The table that was seated 10 minutes after us; got fed up and left at about the hour 15 mark and walked out. A table next to us who had received their bill sat and waited a solid 20 minutes just to pay the dang thing! Our waitress completely ignored our table and section the whole time we waited. There were not even drink refills in that 1.5 hour wait. NOTHING. I got up and found a waitress and pointed out our table at the hour mark and asked how long the food wait was; she said 40 minutes; when I told her we were already well passed that she said she would find out what was going on. Nothing. Then our waitress walks by our section at the hour 15 mark we ask her what the hell is going on; we get no real response. FINALLY we are at 1.5 hours and we are ready to walk; our friend goes and finds the manager and asks him whats going on and to please come talk to us. 2 minutes later the manager comes to our table with food! Yesssssss only its wrong; BOO :( They delivered 2 orders of stupid fries to the table; when we told him we only ordered one he said well we are just going to throw this away so keep it; which I am glad we did because it was going to still be a while for all the food to come out correctly. My friends order was the veggie plate; 2 of the 4 sides were wrong; then they tried to deliver the same wrong veggie plate again. She finally gets all of her food. meanwhile myself and a friend are STILL waiting for ours. Then he gets his and the manager says so that's it right??? Ummmm no...how about bringing the pregnant lady her food; eh? My food finally materializes and I am happy. The tell me that they are out of french fries but that they just cut up some potato's and made some fries; fine by me. My friend ordered the catfish and specifically asked the waitress for malt vinegar; she brings him out a cup of white vinegar....who does that? Ive been to both locations plenty of times and have never had this type of experience. It was seriously the worst....and to top that all off when our bill came there wasn't one bit of a discount on it; after all of that; everything we had been through; nothing. we were pretty disappointed in how the staff handled themselves. Not cool Lolo's; not cool at all. I think its rad that you expanded; but if you cant handle the customer load then whats the point?
First time here for the Christmas light parade and had a great time. Love the lake and how the bridges are lit and reflect off the water. Would love to go in the day time to check out all the restraints close by.
Had to follow man vs food and come in here; initial impression were actually good. The bathrooms were CLEAN; tables we all cleared and it looks like they have expanded recently; the service is perfect and everything came out hot. I of course got the el Rey which has everything and the kitchen sink in it...awesome idea but everything lacked flavor inside :(. Overall a good experience and I would come back Andy try something else.
We hit up Stax for dinner on a rainy night and cozied up in a corner booth. Super nice waitress and I think we may have chatted with the owner as well? Stax was AWESOME. I loved the variety of sliders that you can order and who doesn't love a basket of either sweet potato tots or regular tots with delisious dipping sauces? Out of the sliders I tried the only one I thought that needed some attention was the snapper. It was quite fishy and I wasn't into the flavor too much. That was the only burger I left on the plate. Otherwise it was successfully cleaned. Good selection of beers and cool bar area. Park in the back...and good location. We'll come back for sure!
With Dr. Blazer; I actually enjoy going to the dentist.
Love this bar!! Cheap strong drinks; very friendly staff and its CLEAN!! The patio is awesome and full of great conversation!!
Despite the fact that this IMAX screen is in the hottest mess of a mall (seriously.  hot.  mess.); it's really not a bad place to catch a flick.  I agree with some of the other reviewers here; paying $30+ bucks just for tickets can be a bit daunting and definitely helps keep those with subpar public decency skills out.  I have a love/hate relationship with all the movies coming out and made specifically for 3D; but I can't deny that it is an awesome experience when you're facing a gigantic screen and you feel like you're a part of the movie.  The concession stand is slightly dismal and the fluorescent lights aren't helping that situation; but they offer some hot foods (pretzels; hot dogs) alongside the popcorn and candy (if that's your thing).  It is kept clean and they make an announcement before every showing to remind you to shut off your phone and respect the other patrons; which is nice.  I do wish there was another IMAX in the valley; Phoenix is a big enough city for multiple venues; but this place fits the bill.
Your typical Starbucks....I will say though tricky location with not a lot of parking. Also our iced green teas were pretty watered down. Friendly service and quick....
I moved in recently thinking this might be a nice place i could live but honestly i would not recommend it to anyone. Leasing staff are really nice at first; after you sign your lease they are just rude. When you try to call for a service request or report something they treat you like you are the dumbest person alive. Tell you when you pay up first months rent as part of your move in then later received a late rental notice and the manager thinks she is doing you a favor by waiving late fees even tho rental staff say it was paid for the first month already. Mananger seemed nice as well and seems to be just like her staff now. I never had to deal with staff like them anywhere I have lived. Community could really use some clean up and notification to changes or things that are in the normal for them when it comes to new residents. I can't wait to finish my lease and move out.
Dined at Wildfish this past Wednesday. As usual; the overall experience was exceptional. Here are some quick thoughts on the positives (in no particular order):1.) Happy hour runs till seven. Decent choice of wines priced at $5.00. The apps are great -- same serving size I believe as found on the dinner menu.2.) I've always been struck by the greeting you receive upon entering the restaurant. Every staff member you run across; from managers to the hostesses; welcomes you. Why don't more establishments train their people to be as welcoming?3.) Wildfish does a great job for gluten free diners. Both my wife and daughter have Celiac Disease. The staff here does not guess as to what might be gluten free.4.) We had Eric again as our waiter. Ask for him when you visit -- you won't be disappointed.Five stars. We will be back!
Excellent food and large family style portions; my favorite is the veal parmesan. Been here numerous times and they get really busy; not always the best service and is pretty pricey.
On our receipt; after yesterday's visit we noticed there was a Tell Us About Your Experience weblink with the following question: Please tell us why you were not Highly Satisfied. Be as specific as you would like.Here was my cut 'n paste response:Please know; there are many choices in the area for sandwiches.  Jimmy John's; Corleone's; Jersey Mikes; Vermont Sandwich; just to name a few; along with Al's Beef and Luke's of Chicago (next door).  We rec'd a text upsize message and decided to give you another try.  In our first visit; the meat on your Slaw Be Jo was dark brown.  On our second visit; there was garbage on the floor. I still have the pictures and your employees did nothing when I told them about it.  It was in the Prep area.  Last night; we ordered two upsized sandwiches which were good; Meatball & the Bobbie; along with one drink.  But; $18.26 seems at least $4 too high and that is taking into account a larger sandwich.  I really; really want to like your place; but I find it hard given the above.One funny aside.  At the end of the questionnaire it asked which social media I use.  The usual suspects were there; such as Facebook; Twitter; My Space (who uses My Space anymore?) and Fick'er; but no Yelp.  I had to write it in under other.
I have been to Sun Devil Liquors twice since moving here to Arizona; and have been impressed each time. Every Thursday they have an amazing $5.00 wine tasting event that consist of trying 5 different types of amazing wines.  Sun Devil Liquors is an amazing family owned wine; spirits; and beer store (with extensive products in each category); and a wine and beer bar downstairs. The only draw back is that they do not serve food; but they will allow your to bring your food into their establishment to then enjoy their Thursday Wine Tasting and Friday Beer Tasting events.  There is also live entertainment by an amazing local artists who plays smooth jazz related tunes; which pairs really well with the lush wine!! Bring a Designated Driver; because the wine expert always has a heavy pour and you will end up getting much more than a taste of the 5 amazing wines that will be picked for the evening; once again for only $5.00!!
We were having a good time at bar at  the Fairmont Princess Hotel on the New Year's Eve of 2012/2013; where we had purchased a table and three bottles; until the end of the night when we were awaiting a cab/town car to take us home so that we would not have to drink and drive. At some point in the night; somebody had handed one of our friends a plastic ornament from the tree; which they had held on to and gotten into the town car with. As we were about to pull away; a Mr. Robinson who worked for the hotel not only came to the passenger window to retrieve the cheap ornament from our friend; but also had the Scottsdale police come up to our vehicle to question us. At this point; the police; who we pay high tax dollars for;  not only came up to our vehicle after we had spent a lot of money at the hotel and were trying to take an honest; safe; and legal ride home; not only came up to the vehicle to question us; but had the nerve to say that we had interrupted his eating a burrito (on the job) to make sure we weren't stealing plastic ornaments from a hotel that we had spent well over $1;600 dollars at. At this point we called the non emergency line of the police;because we felt not only accused of a false crime; but also herrassed and very offended by the treatment we were recieving from not only the hotel but our local scottsdale police. In conclusion; all that I have to say in regards to the Scottsdale Fairmont Princess Hotel is be careful; because if you spend too much money on their table and bottle service; and try to take an innocent town car home; you may be treated like a criminal not only by one of the employees; who laughed at me when I told him I would write a review on his behavior; but also by our very own local scottsdale PD.
Tony and his staff are amazing and did a fabulous job for a very unique centerpiece for my party!  Thanks for going above and beyond and you are so passionate about your work it is just fabulous!I would highly recommend you call PJ's for all of your floral; balloon; corporate flowers!
I cannot believe that this store has any business.  EVERY single time that I visit this store; I vow to never; ever shop there again.  Somehow I keep forgetting and think that I'll just run in for something really quick.  When I first moved back to Az; I thought that I would shop at this store because it is a stone's throw away from my house.  Every week I would complain about the meat case.  The dripping chicken packages that made the case lines goopy was enough to make me want to throw up.  It smelled bad and always had disgusting gloppy crap in the caseline and looked like it hadn't been cleaned in months.  I complained and complained and finally wrote to corporate.  I don't know why I kept going!  Anyway; they finally addressed the problem in the meat case and got it cleaned up; but that didn't last long.  I just went back the other day to check it out because chicken was on sale.  I was so replused by the caseline that I left the store without purchasing anything.  The egg case is gross and dirty as well.  And last week I could smell the seafood counter from 3 aisles away - something was not right with that!I again make the vow that I will never; ever shop for groceries at this Albertson's again.  One word - disgusting.  Actually I can think of a lot more words like dirty; dingy; smelly; gross; the list could go on and on.  Yuck.**************On the complete opposite spectrum of terrible is the wonderful pharmacist at this location.  She is knowledgeable; friendly; patient; and explains doseages and side effects.  Last time I went in with my daugher who was getting anibiotics; the pharmacist explained the medication to my daughter; told her how much and how often and gave her some tips about getting rid of the nasty taste of this particular antibiotics.  The pharmacist at this store is the ONLY reason that I will ever step foot in this store again.
First time coming here and we weren't disappointed. One of the best Rubens I've have in Arizona; everyone else in my party had burgers. The California; Bacon & cheese; and a cheese burger. Everyone was very happy with they're orders. Also tried the onion rings and cheese curds. Both were great. Great people behind the counter and very friendly. Can't wait to keep trying  more of the menu.
I was abducted on a hungover Saturday morning and takin this this place. At first I was a little nervous; it's in the hood; no sign saying this is even a business; bars on the ordering windows. But hot damn; this food was good. A must for a hungover; gut soaking meal. I'll definitely be returning....just maybe with my gun next time. Haha jk
This is just outside C security check point to the right. If I hadn't been actively looking for it (believe me; that chai was gonna happen) I might have missed it. It's one of the newer Starbucks at Sky Harbor & I love that they made it more like an actual cafe; with plenty of seating. Granted; even though the person who took my order wrote my name on my cup; the person who made it did not call it out; instead they said the type of drink..... a woman grabbed my drink (& so did I) & although I tried reasoning with her & telling her my name was on the cup; she insisted it was hers.... people who are caffeine deprived are scary; but fortunately in this location; you know they are not armed; LOL!. The Barista had to step in; pry her fingers off my cup & tell her that hers was coming up. The airport is always an adventure! :)
Sens lives on!! Seriously; I shed a tear when my parents told me that Johnny had closed Sens; but then they took me here after I got in from NYC and I was happy again. The menu is decently sized and the food is really great. Interesting flavor combinations and surprising ingredients that work well together. Price is on point. Our service was good; maybe we had a great waitress based on other reviews. We also came on a Sunday night at around 8PM. Food came out fast and really all delicious. Get the ginger mint duck salad; rocked my world. My parents say the cocktails are delicious; strong but flavored well to mask it. I was too hungover to even think about getting sake-level drunk but I have on good authority it rocks. They also have a really cool looking bar/lounge area where the music is louder; esp over the weekends. They have a great happy hour and deals throughout the week. I think it's Thursday nights that they have a tapas & wine deal. A great date spot.
I'm a big fan of Schlotzkys; so you can imagine my disappointment when I was confronted by a rude old man at the register about my signature being worn off the back of my debit card.Eh; it's time to get a new card huh? Technically I shouldn't take this.As if I should feel grateful that he uses the same card that everyone else does to take money from MY account for MY lunch. It just went downhill from there. When I explained that I hadn't signed it; but written See ID on it; he almost refused to take it. He was short tempered; rude and snobbish. And it was the same sort of attitude and snide commentary the first time I went here.I won't be going back. I don't need to be insulted and treated like an inconvenience with my lunch. Shame too; it's the only one within two miles of my home.
I had heard such good things about this restaurant and was excited to try it for a birthday celebration! First the good: the wine was great :)the not so good: I have a dairy free diet; so when i asked about butter in the dishes; our waiter said it was in everything! but could probably be removed but would not be so good. (Not really asking for an opinion here; but ok; thanks anyway)So then; I ordered the pasta with marinara and added mushrooms (waiter said; why do you have the change the menu; you are such a woman. Ummm..ok; again; didn't ask for your opinion; but ok; thanks)Pasta was fresh and pretty good; better with mushrooms; i suggested they change the menu being the woman that I am. The salad was mediocre at best; just lettuce and one tomato. would like to see more additions here. This restaurant serves FOUR veal dishes; I am strongly opposed to any restaurant killing and eating 6 week old baby cows; so I won't be returning here. They have NO vegan options other than the salad; rare for an italian place. I would highly suggest adding more vegan options and doing away with the veal options; it would open your restaurant up to all new clientele. I can't and won't support a restaurant that believes killing and eating babies is ok.
Finally a great Scottsdale breakfast eatery. I have tried the other places; and never got the hype on the other spots. Dottie's is the real deal. Unlike many other spots; where one item is the star; and other things are passable to downright lame; Dottie's nails it all. Every aspect on your plate is the most important one; and they really pay attention to details.My friend and I grabbed breakfast there; and it was delicious. The server; Choloe; was funny; efficient; and friendly. Our coffee and juices were filled and she was everywhere at once; without being obtrusive. I really enjoyed my breakfast; which was a ton of high quality food; and a good price. I will be back for more; and look forward to lunch there as well. Dottie's is True Blue in my book for sure!
This place has the best Chinese food in AZ.  Sure; I went on Christmas eve so it was a mad house but they managed it wonderfully.  We were seated within 10 minutes of our reservation; our waitress was relaxed and friendly; and the food came out surprisingly fast.  Because it was so busy I was worried about the diet Coke refill situation and was floored by the speed in which they came.  As far as my actual meal was concerned; here are the deets:* The hot and sour soup was just ok.  It had an interesting smokey flavor that I couldn't quite place.  Also; the soup lacked all the meaty and shrimpy goodness I like in my hot/sour soups.  It wasn't horrible though.* Their egg roll is the best in AZ hands down.  I've lived here for 15 years and have yet to find one like it.  For some reason egg rolls out west are teeny tiny compared to the ones back east.  Jade Palace nails it.  However; I still yearn for the duck sauce which very very few people who read this will understand.* Best spare ribs I've ever had.* The fried rice was interesting as well.  It was made fresh and full of great stuff; but the flavor just wasn't there.  Next time I'm going to add shrimp and pork as well as the chicken to see how that is; but I think Flo's may have them beat on the fried rice front.* We split 3 other dishes and they were all excellent.  Not overly sauced; fried; or oily; and were full of fresh veggies.I can't wait to return.
My fiance and I go here all the time before D-backs and Suns games.  This place is pretty casual and is great for happy hour drinks.  The building is beautiful and its nice to go to a place with a little character.Meal:  I typically stick with the hamburgers.  You can't go wrong with them.  I also encourage patrons to try their beer mixtures.  It isn't always available but a Guinness mixed with peach beer is a spectacular way to cool off during the summer.Taste:  I always try a new dish when I visit Rose and Crown and I have never been disappointed.  This isn't the fanciest meal around and may not be the best in town; but I don't think there is a bad dish on the menu.  8 out of 10.Value: The prices are more than fair and reasonable.  They don't seem to be stingy with the portions and if I wasn't going to a ball game afterwards; I would need to get a to-go bag. 5 out of 5.Service/Cleanliness:  This is the one thing that hurts Rose and Crown.  The servers are always really nice and know the menu.  But their attentiveness really lacks.  Almost every visit is riddled with servers failing to re-fill glasses or bringing out meals in a timely manner.  They are always quick to apologize but it still sucks waiting 10 minutes for a server to ask you if you want another beer; right?  6 out of 10.Atmosphere:  The place has character; good music; and for some reason; my fiance and I always end up chatting with other patrons and/or servers.  The building is pretty in its own funky way; parking isn't that bad; and the outside patio is great during the spring and fall.  In all; its a fun place to get a beer and a bite to eat.  5 out of 5.Overall:  There are a bunch of places to grab a dinner and beer before a ball game; but from my experience; Rose and Crown is the best place to go.  Heck; I even like coming here after a game.  If the service was better; I would even come here when there isn't a game.  I have yet to go here just for a meal or a drink; but if I lived closer; I think this would be an awesome place to make a regular joint. 24 out of 30 points; 4 out of 5 stars.
After writing my first review; I received a really nice email from the owner apologizing for the service.  The effort goes a long way with me.  We will definitely give Copper Blues another chance.
Sweet little spa. Great massage and great customer service from the massage therapist.
Spare yourself. There are so many places to eat in this area and Village Inn should not be on your list.Ordered a to-go breakfast (first mistake) and the waitress who took the order apparently wasn't used to questions. Can you replace pork with turkey? Ummmm I don't know. Uh; what?I ordered the steak (medium) and eggs and my order was a pile of blob; with well done steak; which couldn't be torn apart because it was made of rubber. BFF orders french toast... turns out to be bread with generic strawberry jam. It was so bad; we returned the order and went somewhere else. Don't lower your breakfast standards!
I wouldn't refer them to anyone after dealing with 'Dorena'.  Burns Pest is consistently the best for treatment and customer service.
Love this cute boutique hotel. The bed is comfy with lots of pillows; and the room has great style and function. I love that there is a Keurig in every room to make a quick cup of tea or coffee. My favorite part is the night light scented oil warmer! I enjoyed my stay here. The staff were so friendly and courteous. I enjoyed getting in the huge hot tub all by myself! I felt like I was living like a celebrity! Will definitely be back...you should check it out too!
Stopped in here for lunch today; joined by Norm R.  This small restaurant features somewhat unusual food from the southern Mexican State of Oaxaca.  The bad news today was that they were out of my first two choices from the menu; a House Tlayuda (Mexican pizza; sort of) and Guisados with stuffed chiles!  Also; the tables are a little high relative to the chair seats.I ended up ordering a #3 Combo; which comes with a taco; a tostada and an enchilada.  They give you several choices; and I went with a Carne Asada hard taco; a Chicken Enchilada covered with spicy Mole; and a Tostada with chicken pieces & refried pinto beans.  I also chose refried pinto beans and Spanish Rice for my two sides.  Cups of red salsa and Guacamole were provided to add onto anything as desired.Service was friendly but a little slow; not a problem to us.  Everything was good and the price was reasonable at $7.  If you're careful; you can also assemble a variety of ala carte items into an interesting & tasty lunch without running the total price up.This one was good enough to deserve a return visit one of these days.     :-)
Walking by the restaurant; we peeked at the menu and the unique items on there caught our interest; so we popped in for a bite.  There's a lot of interesting combinations of Asian; Mexican; American; Italian style food on the menu.  After a few minutes; we decided to order:Edamame; $4.99http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/tAEKCC7h9h9A79SfYx0Prg?select=dQv6EXMRrGXzekKHPrWCBQ#dQv6EXMRrGXzekKHPrWCBQPotstickers; $7.99http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/tAEKCC7h9h9A79SfYx0Prg?select=IujYeFio8lXyFxtXlS7aZQ#IujYeFio8lXyFxtXlS7aZQFirecracker Chicken with Broccoli; $11.99 http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/tAEKCC7h9h9A79SfYx0Prg?select=TNdXgXqP1vHHewqCcS5CDQ#TNdXgXqP1vHHewqCcS5CDQMeatloaf Sliders; $11.99http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/tAEKCC7h9h9A79SfYx0Prg?select=Nnk3lac4Z-WL2PadKfHXlQ#Nnk3lac4Z-WL2PadKfHXlQGarlic Parmesan Fries (Came with the Sliders)http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/tAEKCC7h9h9A79SfYx0Prg?select=5L5xBaNpKxIVuF7iv3g4rw#5L5xBaNpKxIVuF7iv3g4rwThe food came out pretty fast.  The Edamame was very good; The Potstickers were delish.  The Meatloaf Sliders was the one that I was most interested in; but it came up short.  The Meatloaf was a little bland; lacked a full flavor that I was expecting.  The Garlic Parmesan Fries were very good and full of flavor.  The best item though was the Firecracker Chicken w/Broccoli....nice Spicy flavor and the Sauce that the Chicken was cooked in complimented the dish well.Overall; it was a decent experience.  There are many more items on the menu I'd like to try.Return Factor - 87%
To make a truly great restaurant you need great family recipes; food with big bold taste and items that you can find no were else.  The Sunset Cafe has all that plus much more.  The interior is beautiful and well thought out. The staff will make you feel comfortable and pampered.  You must try the grilled shrimp. The one pound tamales are a real show stopper.  Easy to find and lots of parking. I am going back.
I always feel so good when I eat here! Fresh food; and a wonderful atmosphere; I love getting the peanut butter; chocolate chip; banana sandwich thing and sitting outside and feeding my crust to the birds. DInner and a show! The iced tea is pretty good as well. The only problem with this place is the line is sometimes so long because of how great it is!! :P
I have been on Yelp for quite some time now reading reviews and enjoying other's recommendations. My experience on Saturday night at Yasu prompted me to write my first review.It was my buddy's ASU graduation. We decided to do dinner then head to our VIP Table Reservation at Narcisse after at Scottsdale Quarter. He loves sushi and I heard that Yasu was awesome; so instead of hitting up a trendy place in Scottsdale; I opted to reserve a table at Yasu.The reservation for our party of four was at 7:30. I had pre-paid bottled service at Narcisse and didn't want to be late. I figured an hour and a half was plenty of time. WRONG!We arrived about 7:20-7:25. We were promptly greeted by the hostess and led to our table. There were about eight other tables in the restaurant and a few people at the sushi bar. After about 15 minutes of not being acknowledged by any server (there were at least four); I asked the bus boy to find someone. Five minutes later the hostess came over and said Micky was our server and she didn't know she had our table. I asked the hostess how everyone could have walked by at least a dozen times (including herself) and not notice that we had not ordered. She shrugged her shoulders and walked off. Another five minutes later (it's now almost 7:45); Micky arrives. No apologies; no rush of service. We ordered our drinks and food at the same time. We order four types of rolls; teriyaki chicken; ponzu jidori chicken; edamame; miso soup and tempura.At 7:05 our edamame comes. 7:10 our miso soup. Over the course of the next 15 minutes; our rolls come trickling out one by one. It's now almost 7:25. I asked Micky where our chicken was. She said two more minutes. Ten minutes later she brings our teriyaki chicken. I told her that we needed the check and that we were in a rush. She disappears. She comes back with the tempura. No sign of the ponzu chicken; but at this point I did not care. She comes back ten minutes later with the other chicken; leaves and comes back with the check.We had about ten minutes to inhale both chicken dishes and the tempura.Other tables came and went with the exception of ours and the table next to us; who was complaining that they had been waiting nearly 20 minutes for some sort of dessert dish. The food? AMAZING! The rolls were awesome; the soup tasty and the ponzu chicken OMG... the best chicken I have ever eaten. The service? Easily THE WORST DINING EXPERIENCE I have ever had in a restaurant. After were ordered; our drinks were never refilled (water or Iced Tea) and were never offered any other alcoholic beverages either. I have been a server in the past and could not for the life of me figure out what her problem was. Even if she had all eight tables; it couldn't have taken her that long to greet us; ring in the order and bring it out. She was simply BEYOND disorganized. It appeared that she had not put our order in until almost 8:00 when the edamame come out. It was almost like she was making the food herself. The whole experience was truly bizzare. I was tempted to leave; go to the Fry's Signature on Shea; buy some pre-made sushi rolls and bring them back. In the time it took her to bring us our soup; I could have!We were late to Narcisse; but luckily; there is something to the service given at over-priced Scottsdale night clubs. That part of the evening was perfect.Would I go back? I would give them one more try; only if I had a different server.
Have you ever been to a pizza place; enticed by the baking crust and pasta sauce scents; ordered a pie; and then sadly underwhelmed by the bland pizza?  Well don't worry.  Oregano's delivers a good pizza pie!  Probably one of the better pizzas I've had in a while.  We chose to make our own thin crust pizza; since I wanted to highlight the toppings and sauce rather than a thick crust.  It was very good.  Oregano's has thick and pan pizzas as well; though I'm sure you'd need a bigger appetite to go for one of those.  We also started with the antipasto salad.  Great!  Nice mix of lettuce; onions; pepperoncini; and various cured meats.  Portions are big here.  And the price is decent (you can see the menu online for specifics).Service was pleasant and not overbearing.  We didn't have to wait to long after seating to get our pizza; though if you order a pan pizza or a cookie-dessert (we didn't); I hear you might want to order early to get it started since they may take time to bake.Would go back!
20 oz. ribeye was delish; cooked to perfection. Skinny margarita was the best ever with fresh squeezed lime & orange juice & texas style; large only 180 calories.
Met some friends here for happy hour and fundraiser. Prices were good & we had great service the whole time we were there. Started out sitting on the patio on a semi-chilly night. The lit up the heaters for us; as soon as they saw us getting cold; and without us asking. It got really windy; so we asked our waitress if we could move inside. She was very helpful and got us a table right away; no attitude about closing out our bills; at all. The setting both indoors & out is very casual. Love the big open booths with the cushy seating...more like comfy conversation areas. I've heard they take some of the tables out & have dancing there later. We left early; but will have to come back to see what that's all about next time!
I give this place five stars despite all the other reviews...  I have only ever ordered to go from this place and I get the same thing every time; pho tai.  This is a great place for pho in this area but if you are easily turned off from a restaurant by the looks of it this may not be the place for you.  It is definite an older place and would probably benefit from a makeover but bottom line is that the pho is wonderful; the people are always nice and its a great price ($7.10 out the door - recently raised prices).
I'd been noshing on chips with guac at most places around town during a time warp in which I was; coincidentally; avoiding the gym. I finally hauled my petite yet burdened frame to Lifetime for some cardio and then decided to reward myself with more chips with guac :)However; to cut a long story short; the menu board was angled in such a way that rolled tacos with guac sounded even better. I thought they would be like 'berto's cause everything about the menu & signage reminded me of it....but it wasn't :( The tacos were skinnier; the guac a bit thinner; and the sauce not so caliente. I think a hard-core gym rat like me deserves better - I'm gonna give it another shot for breakfast one day soon after I've pumped some iron or at least driven by Lifetime again :P
We stopped in here after I discovered it while searching nearby for checking in at another establishment.  This looked much; much more full of character and more our style.  Thank goodness for Yelp; or we would never have found it.  You have to go to the back loading alley of WalMart (from the front part; go to the left of WalMart; take the short driveway to the back; and turn left in the back loading area).  You will see a small lighted sign that advertises the bar.  A solid; nondescript bland metal door is the entrance.  When we went on a Saturday night; the bands had all cancelled; so it was just the bartender and one patron.  That's ok!!!  They were watching a classic movie(you can bring a DVD and they will put it on!) and they were super welcoming to me and my bf.  No hockey action (holidays?) but it was late; so we did get to watch the  Zamboni do its thing.  This place has a great bottle beer selection; with a catalog giving an extensive description of each.  Their small tap selection is great; though; and I loved the Sonoma White Chocolate Wheat (I think that's right); and while it sounds ridiculous; it is delicious and deserves a try.  There is a gas fireplace; an awesome view of a hockey rink; and fabulous vintage decor.  The bartender showed us a picture of the place from the 1950s; and little has changed.  Also; their juke box is full of music from bands that have played there.  This was a big happy-face experience; and I know for sure if I lived in the area; this would be my lay-low regular spot.  No pretentious Scottsdale atmosphere here.
So good! Perfect for comfort food! Just amazing food!
We went today for lunch and used a recently purchased groupon - so we ordered more than we would ordinarily. The bill came to $30 for 2 large entrees and 2 sodas - not cheap; but there are leftovers for at least 1 dinner. The restaurant was neat and clean; and we were greeted and seated quickly. It took a few minutes for our waitress to take our order; but the sodas are self-serve; so we didn't have to wait for them. And our waitress did apologize for not getting to us more quickly. The food came quickly; but we were probably there after the lunch rush. We wound up with 2 servers; and they were both friendly and working hard. We ordered the sampler plate; which comes with 2 ribs and your choice of 2 of the 4 offered meats; so we got the pulled pork and brisket. And we ordered the large pork sandwich as well (I figured it would be good to make a meal out of the leftovers.)The brisket came in strange shaped slices and bits; and was swimming in the very good and slightly spicy sauce. I thought it was really good; but my husband was less than thrilled with it - which was pretty much what we thought of the pork as well. His comment was that it was too salty; but I love salt and didn't notice that there may have been too much. The ribs were so-so. Not a lot of meat; and they took some effort to get the meat off of the bones - which I'd rather not do. The side of seasoned fries that came with the sandwich was tasty; and a very large portion. Some of the other sides offered are out of the ordinary like blue cheese slaw and a corn dish with peppers and cooked on the griddle.I only tried 2 of the 3 sauces as the sonoran spicy scared me off; and I liked mixing the sweet with the original. I will definitely be back here. Thanks to Groupon and Yelp for making the offer; and the chance to see other reviews before purchasing.
I got the Four Peaks burger with fries and the beer sampler. Their beers are great! Its so nice to have a place like that in Phoenix. And I was able to watch the UC Bearcats bowl game while eating with my family.
Mutton Karahi or Goat Curry was awesome and different. Not sure what it was exactly called.Their Kebabs and Tikkas were delicious.Nihari was good too.Chicken Tikka Masala was a little too salty.A great joint offering a variety of food. Clean and family friendly. A must eat Halal option in Phoenix; AZ.
Best Italian food I've ever had.  They got us in late notice on New Years Eve with a packed house.  We will be regular customers even though it is a 40 minute drive. Steve was a great waiter and got us a free dessert for the food taking a little longer than normal.
Won't be going back.  They have replaced all their vegetable dishes with many versions of bland seafood.  Started several things but had to leave them on my plate because they did not have any flavor.  Great service but bad food
We were excited to try this place after having an amazing experience at Culinary Dropout. Its downtown and in a niche little area. We sat outside and I really wasn't a fan of the decor. It seemed kinda all thrown together and not really thought through or maybe that is what they were going for here. Regardless; the food. Well its just mediocre at best. We got the pretzel bites with provolone fondue (just okay; I could make better fondue at home) my husband got the stew (he said it was eh just okay) and I got the chicken stroganoff (had no flavor). While the food was barely okay; the service was great! And everyone seemed to be having fun so it was just an okay night.
I had a really nice experience at 101 Hair & Nails.  I received a manicure and  pedicure by Tricia.  She is friendly; very nice; and quite knowledgeable.  She has been doing nails a very long time and it shows.  I especially love my Rockstar toes and can't wait to go back for more!
good late night place to eat
Love this place. Flatbread pizzas are excellent as was the Mediteranian salad. Pesto flatbread was my fav of the 3 we tried.  We had the ice cream bar but will have the gelato next time.
The check engine light came on in my Toyota so I called Fletcher's after reading review on Yelp. Matt answered the phone and told me to just stop by anytime and he would reset it; because my gas cap wasn't tightened. I went in later that day and he remembered my call and immediately went out to the parking lot and reset it. He said I owed nothing. I couldn't have been treated better. They earned a new customer.
Let's just say; you get what you pay for.  Thankfully we walked in and were seated and walked out after walking through the food lines to see what was being offered.  The restaurant was dirty and the food appeared disgusting.  The hot food looked like fried sludge.  Sushi appeared as if it had been sitting there too long and just of extreme poor quality and limited offerings.I would recommend that you go to a sit down restaurant and order quality food.  But then again; if you think that Hometown Buffet or Golden Corral is quality food; then this place might be up your beaten path.  I've never given a terrible review to anyone; but there is always a first time.
Contacted Red Mountain Renovations after reading their reviews on here because I needed my bamboo flooring installed.  I have to agree with all of them.  Scott and Alex were great to work with.  They are very personable and flexible.  My moldings didn't come in time for when they were installing my flooring; but they came back when I finally got them and didn't charge me for the extra work as well as time they took to come back out to my house.  They also had the best prices for installation as well.  I highly recommend them to anyone that is looking for a company to install their flooring.  I will definitely be using them again in the future.
Let me just say that the baristas are top notch; my coffee is always cold because that's how I take it and the location is within walking distance of Papago Brewery. To sum it up; BEST COFFEE EVER!!!!
Love it! The best ice cream ever if you go for the fist time try s'more camp fire great to share
Okay; I don't even like sausage or chorizo or anything that comes in a casing. But the chicken chorizo scramble sounded good for some reason; and it was probably the best breakfast I've ever had in my life. I got the half and half of course because I can't live without those amazing protein pancakes. But the chicken scramble with chorizo was just insane. I don't even have words to describe it. I wanted to cry it was so good. Please just go here and get exactly what I ordered. For the record I told her to hold the tomato; it just didn't sound like the right ingredient to keep in the mix; and I was happy without them even though I normally love tomato; just not for breakfast.I better start planning on how to convince my boyfriend we need to go back here again ASAP.
It has been quite awhile since I have been in to a J C Penneys store.So al lthe more reason to check it out once again.This location has been here for as long as I can remember.Penneys started way back in 1902 so they have a long history of sales. You can't be around that long and not know what you are doing right.They have remodled the store and it looks pretty good. Good products for sale and great staff make it a winner.The thing I do not like;The crazy parking lot! It is always nuts around here.Just don't try to park near the door. Park far away and walk up.Though then you run the risk of everyone trying to hit you up for cash or something.Good store though and right next to Costco.
Nom nom nom! Support your local business and your hungry stomach and go to this place!
Fantastic sushi and fantastic service!  Will definitely go there again the next time I'm in Phoenix.  All top notch quality; and yummy drinks!  However; the fifth star is missing due to some painfully loud techno music.  We had a seared fish appetizer and four rolls that were super yummy.  Definitely give Moira a try...don't think you'll be disappointed!
If if wasn't for a rude hostess I might bump this place up to 5 stars. That being said; this place still offers an AWESOME happy hour! Not only is there several; cheap; options but the sushi is actually GOOD (let's be honest; that's not always the case w/happy hour sushi). Also; HH is EVERY day (including Sundays). I've also never been to a place that's so accommodating at splitting bills. Seriously; they ASK you immediately if you wanna do so; and don't mind if every single person in your 10-person party wants there own bill!
Came to Sky Harbor from Detroit Metro Have to say Impressed with How it Turned out got to The Airport Earlier then scheduled Arrival; I have got to check out all the Stores and everything This One restaurant was kinda funny though I walked in with my Bag and A voice over the Intercom was talking about my Carry- On Bag... My Grandparents who Live In Arizona came and picked me up and Lucky for me It was not even 9am In Arizona and I had yet eat Any Breakfast at All. So finally  being able to eat was Great ; On my way back To The Airport to head home I was Excited yet wanted to stay; I had A late night flight back To Detroit.Security here though are very strict  on many things more so then At Metro but I just did what I had to do; I'm actually Planning A Return Trip Here soon.
Fantastic food; great happy hour prices on wine! Scott Yanni was very helpful with the planning of our graduation party there.  He even made up special menus for us! Thank you; Scott!
Good burger place. Beats In n Out and five guys.
Weirdly enough; what I like about That's A Wrap is that it's not a ton of food.How delightful it is to go to a place and get a reasonable amount of food.  One does not need to eat one's entire caloric allowance each time one goes to a restaurant.  Sometimes one just wants a simple; smaller meal with tasty ingredients.On a day where I don't feel like eating a horse; which is most days; this hits the spot.  Good wraps that leave me full; but happy about what I ate.
First let me tell you that I ALWAYS get Pad Thai and it is very good here.  Thai is one of my favorite foods and this is the place we always go to when I am at home.
Me and my family went in here last Friday the 21st for the first time and after reading some of these review I was scared but to my surprise it was amazing great food awesome price and best of all the service was incredible! Our server was really good and our expositor was very attentive and made sure we have everything we needed! Me and my family will definently be going back! Way to go TCs
I haven't been here in a while but I can't believe I forgot to review it. This place is one of my favorite spots to get a burger. They're open till 2am everyday. Their burgers are so delicious and juicy. They also have my favorite beer Chimay; which not many restaurants carry. The staff was nice the last time I went and before that but I don't know how they are now I'm sure they're great because the owner is a smart guy! If you're willing to spend $12-15 on a good burger; then this is your spot!
Dive bar at Scottsdale prices; be prepared to spend $6-$9 per drink; mostly ice.My experience here was so disappointing. Walking in it feels like a cozy bar; and my friends and I were immediately drawn to the karaoke.I arrived at 9:30 PM and put in my songs within a half hour. As I write this review it's 1:41 in the morning and I've yet to sing a single song.  I repeat: I've been here +4 hours without a single tune to sing. And most of the bar has already cleared out.  Apparently the DJ doesn't call people in chronological order; but rather based on what he's feeling at the moment. And apparently my song is too contentious and edgy and non-crowd pleasing to make the mix. I can understand though; apparently Will Smith is just too obscure for him. This isn't an exaggeration: anything post-dating the early 90's will not be called.I'm assuming this is because the DJ's an older gentleman that likes to sing along - he literally has a mic and will sing your song; sometimes over you - and doesn't know the more contemporary hits. Oftentimes he'll shy away to older stuff like Sweet Caroline and Piano Man; so if that's your taste then maybe you'll find the atmosphere more compatible. But if you're a fan of music as edgy as Bruno Mars (I know; suuuper edgy) then know this going in: no matter how long you wait; no matter how much you tip; this man will not play your song if he doesn't like it.You will be better served to ask the DJ what he wants to hear next than request what you like to sing.Also; watch your drinks. Not (just) because of potential drugging; but because the cocktail waitresses will actually snatch them away from you to clear your table; regardless of how full they are. Even if you're sitting right in front of them; available for them to ask; forcing you to buy another drink.All in all a very disappointing karaoke venue and unfortunately falls far short of recommendation.If you're looking for a good karaoke bar; I recommend looking elsewhere.
This was the best happy hour I've ever experienced. The service was attentive and friendly; the food was amazing and the prices were reasonable (though the bartender encouraged us to order waaaay too much food; not that I minded :))We ordered:-Edamame (surprisingly large portion)-Shishito peppers (really good; but WAY too large of a portion - I hate wasting food and we only ate like 1/3 of these - only so many peppers you can eat!)-Sweet corn tempura (delicious and light - though deep fried somehow - again; surprisingly large portion)-Mushroom and tofu skewers (mushroom skewers were amazing and filling - the tofu skewers had this really great spice mix on them)-Japanese Wild Mushroom Rice Hotpot (a little gooey for my taste; but the flavors were robust and spot on)-Mushroom sliders (hearty; flavorful mushrooms; yum!)-Flame Seared Sesame Salmon Nigiri - this was the highlight of the evening - this literally melted in my mouth and tasted so delicious; I almost forgot that I was eating sushi in ScottsdaleThe service was really great - we sat at the bar; which was large and spacious. The tables actually wouldn't have accommodated all of the food we ordered.I'll definitely be back the next time I'm in Scottsdale!
Dined here again and was pleasantly surprised to see that they added more dishes to their already delicious menu.  I tried a newer dish; swai fillet en papillote; and tasted some of the beef med lok (burger with sauteed onions).  The swai; baked in foil; was tender and moist; with a vibrant flavorful sauce.  The burger was excellent.  It had a nice slightly smoky flavor; and was perfectly grilled.  The sides; as always; are superb.  Service is always warm and friendly; and the family here really takes care of their customers; especially if you are a regular!  I am sad to see that they will be moving farther away from where I live (To Mesa; on the corner of Baseline and Extension) in February; but I'm excited for them.  The new location will be bigger in all aspects; from the kitchen to the dining room; with a nice outdoor patio; and will be full-service with a bar.  So enjoy the Tempe location while you can; and head on over to Mesa to enjoy their good eats when they move in February!
Our Tuna Spring Rolls were very pretty and large and tasted very fresh. ($9.50) They were served with a fruit sauce that might have been mango. I had the Bun Salad that sort of was like Pho but salad instead of soup. It came with a sort of very mild fish sauce tasting dressing. The sprouts in the salad were very fresh and crispy. The dark meat chicken was good. This salad was very large and I thought it was good but could use something to make it more flavorful but I could eat it again. ($10.00)My husband had the Pork Banh Mi Sandwich and it was fresh and OK and came with a generous side. ($8.00)Service was very good the place is modern and very clean.I might have given four stars if I tried a dinner because the dinners at their sister restaurant Saigon Kitchen are pretty good and I know they use sushi grade salmon in their reasonably priced dinner. They are a little different and only slightly French and offer Foie Gras ; Duck Confit and Pom Fritz on the menu.3.5 Stars
My new favorite place!!!!! Everything we have tried has been awesome.  The smoked salmon; artichokes; kale salad; swordfish; burger; tomato soup & on & on.
Has needs - trash cans - benches - amphitheatre
Really slow service; people too busy talking and not enough serving. I had to leave and didn't even order cause they were so slow and unaccommodating
We have heard of Matt's Big Breakfast  many times since moving out here to Phoenix. Our family from other states have heard of this place as it has been featured on Travel Channel & Food Network. So we finally decided to give this place a try to see what the big deal was all about.Matt's actually moved down the street from their original location; which I had heard was very small. The new location which did appear much bigger; still had a long wait out side. There were a few benches that patrons can sit on & orange flavored water was offered outside for those waiting. There was approx a 45min for out party of 4. Good thing we didn't come hungry. Once inside we were offered Bar seating; otherwise the wait would have been at least another 20 min. In my opinion; the bar stools were very slippery; or maybe it was just mine. I was wearing jeans; but I felt like I has to keep one leg on the ground in order not to slide off. & i'm kinda short so I was basically standing at the bar to eat.Definitely a busy Breakfast spot. They state they use local resources & organic foods. The food was tasty. I ordered the griddle cakes & they were BIG. I had to ask for more syrup which they said they would charge us another $1.50 for. No one in our party was able to finish what we had ordered. We left with very full bellies. Still not quite sure what all the hype is about. The act of supporting Small Business?Yes; we will always try to do that. Or maybe I just needed to order something more adventurous?  Know you must come with a BIG stomach; but not hungry; because the wait is ridiculous. At least we can cross this place off of our Food Bucket listHappy Eating
AWESOME BEER!! We shared the beer sample between the two of us!! Loved it!! Now our favorite list of beers has increased. The food was also great just stay away from the pasta salad; but the beer battered fries are a must!!
Amazing pizza! They have the best lunch special a slice of pizza; salad and soda. Great price and great food. Staff very nice and the restaurant very clean. Can't wait to go back. Delivery service also great and speedy service and have used that many times.
I've been coming to Lux regularly now for about 2 years and generally really love the place! Coffee: Really pretty good. I'd been to some pretty good places back in CA; so have some pretty high standards regarding good coffee. I think Lux does a pretty decent job. The drip coffee and iced teas have free refills.Food: A little pricey; but the food is always pretty good. Their macaroni and cheese is cheap; though; and awesome (5 bucks). You can get it with jalapeno and bacon (7 bucks). Sometimes; they even have pesto and chicken in it. They start serving dinner at 5:30. Their breakfast is always pretty good; too; and they always have a variety of different quiches.Staff: All pretty nice and the more you come there; the more social they will be with you. If any even minor inconvenience arises; they're pretty good about spotting the charge; but it rarely happens that they have to do that. Environment: Yes; there are a ton of hipsters there; but that's kind of to be expected with good coffee shops in any city. There's a lot of people studying; but there are people meeting socially throughout the coffee shop; as well and especially near the bar area. Plenty of outlets exist for you to plug into. They have a projector in the backroom and there is usually some sort of sporting event playing on it. The only con is that the internet (especially lately) has been somewhat spotty as the place is usually pretty busy and everyone and their grandmothers are trying to connect.
Great place...planning to go back to buy tea tins and some more of the Caramel Apple that I got as a free gift for purchasing over $20 worth of stuff the first time I went.  I love the Afternoon Delight; and I like to mix their Razzleberry with some of my other teas to slightly change the flavor (although it is perfectly fine on its own; too!).I had great customer service the first time I went there...the woman behind the counter suggested teas based on what I said I liked.  I didn't feel rushed; and it was a pleasant experience.
Quaint. Relaxed. Casual. I wish this review were for my dentist but it's not. Great place to chill with compadres; take in a book or do some computer work. Free WiFi so; WiFi not? See what I did there? Ahem. Personally; I recommend any of the iced beverages because they are tasty. The hot stuff is pretty freaking satisfying as well. Must stop in sometime. If I'm in there; you can make fun of my hair.
Pizza just like at home! Their wings are awesome also.
Pizza is unique; the pretzels are ridiculously good. The thing I value the most is the staff though; they work together and are all extremely friendly / personable. Aaron is the front of the house manager and he greets everyone with a smile and is extremely  friendly. I love the bar I must admit. Jenna and Till are out of this world; always on top if it when they are busy and chatting it up with their guests. Happy hour is half off almost all alcohol; and the seasonal beers on tap are excellent.
I met the friendly owners at an event and sampled some of their creations.  Theres a lot of competition but hope they do well!
Came here for the Oregon Ducks block party. Nothing special about the food with the exception of the appetizer dips.  I tried the pork Chile Verde cheese dip  and it had a lot of flavor but got mushy since it was mixed with cheese and sour cream.  Good place for drinks but could do without the food.
yum! So unique!
I have been to this station a few times now; since I have spent some time in this area lately.Shell is usually good gasoline so I like going there and the price is quite decent.They are clean and I get a receipt at the pump; which I have found lately I have to go into places to get the receipt.They have a car wash which is another plus(I love a clean car).The little shop inside has about anything you could want when you are in a hurry; which is also nice.
Get the #8 on wheat with everything on it!
South Course reviewHaving only 2 days on hand I spent hours trying to determine whether to play Troon North Monument or Boulders South. I was staying at The Boulders. On the second day Monument was closed for a tournament and South was closed for members. After reading tons of reviews I decided to play the South Course at The Boulders. What a stunning course! The landscape offers the best desert golf there probably is. The fairways are narrow and require a lot of control. It's so easy to lose balls here.From the time you arrive at the club you get taken care of so well; just like a private club that anyone can play. The range facilities are nice and I always love hitting off the grass rather than mats.In terms of the condition it was 95% to the mark; just a bit on the dry side since they were sanding the greens for the season. The design is excellent and visually very tricky. I don't recommend a beginner playing anything other than white or closer. We played blues and it was not easy. I'm in the mid single digits and ended up with a 78. There are pars to be had  if you're around the green in regulation and know the green speed. My advice is; please think about each hole before teeing up and whacking the ball. It's not about hitting far; it's about placing. On the 608 yard par 5; I got a par with hitting a 3 wood of the tee to avoid a long carry over the desert. Then a fairway wood and a mid iron in; two puts. My friend who hadn't played in 2 years and is a high handicapper made a 6 on this hole doing the same thing.Since I didn't play Troon North I can't write a comparison but I will say that if you do chose this; you will not be sorry. On my next trip I will play Monument; God willing!Go play!
mediocre overpriced thai ! I dont know how it manages to get great reviews on yelp...strange entree pricing small and regular .... i mean c'mon basically have less and pay less.....or order our overpriced regular portion size. May be its something to do with its art dist location but we were there for dinner based on yelp reviews. Curries were nice. Steamed rice was sent away ; it was cold lumpy cruchy burnt...although they got us fresh one right away as when we mentioned...overall not bad but for that price probaby expected more....
Hands down the best Italian food in Arizona.  And to boot; the waiters speak intelligently about the food and are polite.  The only reason this isn't getting a 5 start rating is because their isn't much value in the meal.  I understand that the intent or spirit of the restaurant isn't centered on value; but I the portions of the food are not congruent with the pricing.
New Pirelli shoes for a rainy day; and discount tire never disappoints with great greet to finish service.
I like how everyone leaving raving reviews for this place is all I know; 5 stars for a post office; wtf?! BUT! This P.O. earns every star!Friendly staff! Hardly any wait! I finally (whoops) mailed out my Christmas gifts yesterday afternoon; and even at 12:30ish when the line was snaking around the whole room; I only waited 10-15 minutes. In and out!They are fully stocked on regular envelopes and boxes; those flat rate shipping products; fancy and fun holiday and birthday accoutrements; etc. etc. etc. Like everyone says; the thing that makes this location is the staff. They know what the heck they're doing; and they do it well. I know serving up quality customer service can be a bitch sometime--ESPECIALLY during the holidays. I can't even imagine working for the postal system this time of year; but they are pros!
I have to say it's a relief to not have to head south for some good espresso but this may be too far north...not sure. Their espresso is locally roasted and smooth so they automatically go into my top five. I also like the fact that the crowd is decidedly not the coffee snob crowd you'll find in venues further south. That being said; on my first visit the crowd was more the Sunnyslope crowd so I didn't know what to make of everything.All that said; the coffee is good and I really liked the choices on their menu and they are all about local business. If I can come here and get a good Americano without having to wait in a long line I think I'm sold!
A bit slow..
I like to call Copper Star my home office away from my home office or even my main office from time to time. The connection is always solid and the staff is super friendly. I especially like setting up shop here on rainy days. I get my large van-latte; plug in; connect and bang out a full day's work and it doesn't even feel like work at all. It's a great place to meet up with a friend to play catch up; talk world events or even strategize. The art work is quit funky; too.Aside from the great coffee; they make some pretty tasty sandwiches and salads. I really like the lemon ginger tuna salad sandwich because it's light and surprisingly filling and no-mayo. I prefer this vinaigrette based salad because really; who wants to bite into a mayonnaise sandwich?It's also bike and dog friendly and they are really excitied about recycling.
I hate this Walmart . The Parking lot is small and when there are stupid drivers in it. It just makes it seem that much smaller . It's dirty inside the bathrooms are filthy the staff looks trashy and the layout is such a waste of time . it's also loaded with pan handlers !
They do not serve authentic Thai food here.  For one; they deep fry the fish here which means they use frozen (not fresh) fish.  They also used a very thick sauce on our non-curry dish; which is not Thai style at all.  Their tom yum soup is better than their dishes.
I see old people! Like everywhere. But it is a close trader joes that is nice and clean.
As far as WalMarts go; this one is always busy.  One word of advice...never...I mean EVER..go after 10pm.  One lane open and a line a mile long.  If you don't have any produce to be weighed; you can check out at the jewelry counter!  Was a mess today.  Crap everywhere; but there were actually employees trying to clean it up and get organized!  Wasn't a bad experience!  The doors to the non-grocery entrance close around 10 and the doors to the garden center close at 7pm.
This is a great golf course.  As some reviewers have noted there isn't a clubhouse so Vista Verde will not; at least at this juncture; give you the amenities and experience of a country club like most Scottsdale-area public courses. But.... playing the course more than makes up for that.  This past Saturday was the third time I have played the course and I expected my round to dampen somewhat my previous high appreciation for this course.  Instead it reinforced my belief that for the price point; course quality and playing experience at Vista Verde really are unmatched.  The course won't wow you as much Troon North or Eagle Mountain; each with their scenic vistas but it's packed with enough variety to impress even the most experienced of desert golfers.  Vista gives the golfer a number of long and short par 4s; including a risk-reward driveable par 4 on the front that can easily turn a sure par into a double bogey disaster.  A long and difficult par 5 highlights the back nine with the par 3s providing relief from the numerous and difficult par 4s that populate this course.  On this particular day; as with every previous time I've played this course; the tee boxes were well maintained; the fairways lush and delineated and the greens fast and very difficult.  The staff is extremely helpful and your cart is equipped with ice and bottled water at the beginning of the round.  By far; Vista Verde is my favorite course for all of the reasons above.  Highly recommended for the local or golf vacationer.
My friend took me for her favorite pizza around the area. It was delicious with a crispy thin crust; right amount of sauce. My half had pepperoni and onion.  I would have preferred a few more onions for the $2.00 per topping but the pepperoni was generous.  The waitress was efficient and refilled my ice tea 3 x's without asking. The place wasn't busy so the pizza came quickly. My friend and I split the Carmel toffee cheesecake that was divine. I would recommend this place and will go again.
We visited Blanco Scottsdale for the first time and came away impressed.Blanco's is one of the Fox Restaurant Group places; and it is a nice concept in upscale gourmet Mexican food. http://www.foxrc.com/The Chicken Fajitas were flavorful at $15.00; as were the Machaca Tacos for $12.00 and BBQ Pork Tacos for $11.00 (See photos). The Ground Beef Nachos ($12.00; plus $6.00 for a side of Guacamole) went pretty quickly. Our lunch bill for a party of four came to $68.53 before tip and everything was very good; though admittedly some of the portions were small.
Staff was friendly; check in was quick and easy just needed to catch a shuttle to all rental cars in Phoenix; prices are extremely reasonable $145 including all fees and taxes for a week for a full size car. Was apprehensive about this inexpensive rental company but could not be happier. Upon arrival we were upgraded to a brand new Hyundai 2013 Tucson SUV with 14 miles on the od!!  This company is beginning opening locations throughout the us.
I have been here multiple times and never disappointed! The food is great and service is always fast and friendly!! The prices are extremely reasonable for huge portions! I can almost always get two meals out of my dinner!
We just checked in and out of the Camelback Inn. We have stayed at this hotel in the past and have loved it. What an awful experience we have just had. When we checked in; they gave us a room that wasn't what we expected. It could not accommodate our family of five. They put us in another room; but it was not yet ready. We waited over three hours for them to clean the room. When we finally went in; we couldn't breathe because of the overwhelming smell of Lysol. Nauseating! The rooms in this hotel are bad. They are very gloomy; dirty and need renovating. The prices they charge are outrageous for what you get. My kids were so happy when we pulled up to the Scottsdale Princess and walked into a clean casita with a fireplace for $200 less than the stinky old room we had just left at the Camelbak Inn.  Time really does stand still there. We will never go back!
I have never been to a drive through Bucks before; strange to have the person behind the counter taking orders in a sing-songy voice as well as making the drinks for others.   One of the worst filled coffee making stands of any store: only had half-and-half; sugars not filled up well; had to request skim milk from behind the counter.   They had no stir sticks and when asked they don't have those and gave me a straw instead.  Really???
Yes!!! I am coming back here and recommend this to all you dim sum cravers and Asian tourists. The last couple of years when I visited Arizona; all I could find to eat were either  Vietnamese pho or Chinese. Now I can say that I've tried dim sum in Arizona! Yelped this place out and it was hard to choose from China King or Phoenix Palace but I had to make a quick choice because we wanted to eat and back to California so here we were; at phoenix palace.Phoenix palace is located in a plaza filled with other Asian stores. It's actually across from LA fitness if you end up being in that plaza instead of the actual plaza (we got lost trying to find this place haha) Waiting? Ah yes... There was 10 minute wait but hey; better than 40 minute wait like the dim sum's back in Cali. That 10 minute went by quick. We did come here on a Saturday around noon; so the wait was nothing. Let the hostess or host know how many in your party; grab a number then wait for them to call it to be seated. Service? Hey! These ladies here who pushes carts knows English very well. Will know what kind of dim sum you are looking for if you; yourself know what you want and know what the dim sum contains. Quick with clearing out our empty dishes on the table; which is great!Food? Liked it a lot. There were four of us and we got...- fried squid (special order) yums. There's minced fried garlic; sliced jalapeño  and minced green onion. Eat it while it's hot! We all know how fried stuff would taste if we leave it out too long.- Chinese brocolli with oyster sauce - it was our friend's favorite veggie. Good stuff. Still got it's crunch and not soggy! Awesome- Seaweed - it's like a seaweed salad with pickle-ish underneath; and thinly sliced ginger hidden inside the seaweed which made it tasted even better. - sticky fried rice - there's eggs; Chinese diced sausages; minced dried shrimp and minced mushroom. tasted okay; but just needed a dash of soy sauce to taste better.- sticky rice wrapped with lotus leaf or could be banana leaf - delicious. inside contains slices of shitaki mushrooms; dried shrimps and a chunk of Chinese sausage which made it tastes so good.- shrimp paste on bell peppers - Light gravy sauce which was good. Have the lady cut it in half so you can share :)http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/rNqSjfRM09T-VOjRTAF66g?select=n-eQ6GAV2NbnLsKyQGRq3A#yQcMdVZjHBVarx1k46LFWAWhat you see up at the ceiling.. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/rNqSjfRM09T-VOjRTAF66g?select=n-eQ6GAV2NbnLsKyQGRq3A#_sbYguK9eVh2kRyUc7fruwOverall; this dim sum place is more than just legit. With the great service they provided; I will be coming back for their dim sum and on the next visit; I will try more of their special dishes! Thumbs up!
Decent food; decent priceYou will like it if u love vegetarian or Indian food
I enjoy this place. It's fun. It has such variety great gifts for candy lovers! Cool music that makes you want to dance. Hte staff is nice and the store is always clean. They just opened one at tatum and desert ridge mall. The parking for the one at Scottsdale quarter mall is either curb side or in e free parking lot or you can valet. Eier way you will do some walking to get to it. The one at tatum is next to zupas so park next to that and walk to It's sugar.
By far my favorite boba spot in the Valley! At this point; I have yet to make my way off of their milk smoothies menu; mostly because they're so damn good that I can't really imagine ordering anything else.
I tried to return some Oakley Sunglasses that i bought from another ROSS Store and the Manager 'JOE' wouldn't do it because he said it was to High End (Expensive) and that he couldn't match it up even though the Receipt had the info as the Sunglasses had on it.......Very Suspicious!!!!!!!!!!  Then i took them back to another ROSS Store down the street and they returned them with no problem...
I've been coming here for awhile now and the produce and other products have been very good; but there's been a noticeable decline in the customer service. The past three times I've been here the checkout people have been more interested in what they did last night as opposed to looking the customer in the eye. As I stand here writing this review; I've had three workers act as if I was in the way and were busy dropping product and complaining about customers to even bother to ask if I need help finding anything. But; just as I was about to one star; I noticed Alfred (I think that's what his name was). A delightfully tattooed young man being over the top helpful to some ladies in the next isle. So; other than the annoying kids that work here; this place is pretty good.
Gas prices here are generally among the lowest in the area and I like using their $7 automatic carwash.
I just love Postino Arcadia; not only for the great food; but the atmosphere. I recently spent a few hours here catching up with a girlfriend. We sat at the bar and shared a brushettsa board (seriously; so good); each a cup of yummy soup and some Diet Cokes. Not a big wino; but this is THE spot if I was. You can't go wrong with a brushetta board and a bottle of wine; which is $20 Mon and Tues after 8. The staff was so friendly and the vibe was relaxed. I just love coming here to unwind from the work week. For chilly nights; bring a jacket as it's a somewhat open restaurant. And yeah; parking really blows. They do have valet; which is nice; but I would rather park my own car (and I never have cash; ugh). Neverthless; it won't keep me from coming back. Love me some Postino's. You will too.
Todd was a stand up dude. Very friendly; and efficient. The dealership quoted me for a sensor key at $800. His price was $170. Cheaper than the locksmith that triple A referred as well.
Just visited for NYE withi my girlfriend. She is a restaurant manager and I was formerly a bartender for 6+ years in a 4 star hotel.  I specifically signed up to write a review on this restaurant because I thought the experience was that bad.  The place looks great from the outside and the inside was pretty nice also.  i was surprised that itnwas not as busy around 9:30 on NYEWe ordered a bottle of champagne and he brought out a bottle of Chardonnay. Finally after about 25 minutes after being seated we get our bottle of champagne.  He told us he would be back with a chiller shortly....didn't get that for about 10-15 minutes.  We order our sushi for an appetizer and I was brought out at a regular turn around time.  We did not see our server for another 15 minutes and then we were approached by another server who was great. We ordered another appetizer from the server.  We eventually got to order dinner.  The food was average at best.  Considering the price point for what they are charging; it was a very forgettable experience to say the least.  We ended up dining for 2 hours and 15 minutes which seems ridiculous for what we actually got.  Of all the times I have dined out in the 3 years I've lived in the Phoenix area;I would honestly say this was my least favorite for the amount f money spent.  Last thing I want to add that I saw on anther review.....the music choice is weird....you go from dance music; to Michael Jackson to country.....very strange
I love this place for happy hour. Take advantage of their 1/2 price drinks and appetizers; best deal on Mill Ave. The atmosphere is great; a large patio with long tables and bench seating; plenty of room for a large group. The inside is nice too; big bar and side walls that roll up to make the inside seem like part of the outside patio.  They have a nice selection of beers and have found the wait staff to be friendly and attentive.
This store is incredible.   Everything is done right!  The produce section; the deli; the sushi; Starbucks inside; all are outstanding.  I wish we had a Fry's in San Diego.  When I lived in AZ. I used to shop at Fry's all of the time but wow...they have really taken a grocery store to a whole new level.  This actually makes shopping  fun.  Prices are amazing; nice wide aisles; pleasant lighting; extremely friendly staff.  In addition to the usual grocery items they have a large selection of other items including minor automotive; household items etc and great gas prices.I can only think of one possible addition and that would be to have the deli make a couple of breakfast sandwich options in the morning to go with your Starbucks coffee.  I think this would be a big hit for those people who are doing a quick stop in or live nearby and are looking for another fast and simple breakfast option.Lastly; the parking lot is huge with no other competing businesses.  It's exciting to see a business doing everything right!
Our first Switch experience was watching the election results come in with some friends. Small bar; itty bitty really; but we had a great time.Their specials are always really great; drinks and food.  You really can't beat their prices and I've yet to have anything I didn't like.Our service has always been top notch.  The bartenders have been friendly and knowledgeable.  They have always added to our experience and made our time there that much better.I've made the mistake of liking Switch's Facebook page.  Good thing their prices are so great; otherwise I'd end up in the poor house because every time they post the nights specials with a picture of whichever Delicious dish they are featuring I am sold.
Zoolights is a wonderfully unique Phoenix experience for the holidays and is not to be missed. There is a growing light display each year; some kiddie rides (jumpers; sleds; camel rides; etc); plus a few nocturnal animals to view sprinkled around.  This is a wholesome; active and fun way to spend an hour or two with the entire family. It is quickly becoming a Christmas tradition for /this/ family... Unfortunately; it looks like this is the case for many other people across the Valley.  The place is packed! The main negative points are that a massive number of visitors combined with  narrow; dark pathways can frustrate anyone with a time limit or claustrophobic issues. I'd say there is also room for improvement for the variety in concessions. But these are minor annoyances. Overall; you will not be disappointed.
Pretty good thai food. I have been here twice and enjoyed the curry dishes very much. Great quality food and perfectly prepared. Service is always prompt and friendly - great place for lunch and dinner.
I was looking so forward to dining here with the awesome Yelp reviews. Service was good; but the food was MEH.  Rating is combined with service and food.Recommend:Peanut like flavored curry with chicken.  NOT Recommended:* I was not a fan of the papaya salad; it was overly drenched with prominent fish sauce and it seemed as though the salad may have been sitting out for a long while. Typically fresh Thai papya salad is firm; crisp...this lacked that.  * The Pad See Ew: noodle dish that has a charred sauce flavor was lacking in the sauce and the garnishment of peanuts.  I had the beef and it was dry; tough and had hard sinew. It was not at all appetizing and the noodles typically with this dish is a rice noodle that is flat; long; wide and absorbs and retains the sauce. This noodle was cut up in like 1 inch or less lengths; it did the opposite affect.* Rice with the order was also underdone.I LOVE authentic Thai food and Siam Thai underwhelmed in authenticity; portion size is very small; including the meat servings you may get 2-3  bits of meat/shrimp.
Quick; cheap and utterly DELICIOUS.I regularly visit Fiesta Burrito to curb my desire for (you guessed it) a big ol' burrito. You can get a huge plate of tasty Mexican food here for only a few dollars. And your food is usually ready in less than three minutes. I'm being serious. This place is gold.Try their chimichanga plate or the rolled tacos with guacamole; and order a pina drink to go along with it. It's great for lunch; dinner or midnight snacking.
My first impressions may be a little off since I chose to go on new years day.  I went to phenomenal flow.  It was packed.  I don't Yoga well;when I'm in sardined quarters. Facilities:  clean inviting and hip. Yoga studio well designed  Instructor:  energetic without being annoying. Liked the music selection.  He did seem a little bit like a Jack Johnson-inspired yogi.   No focus on form or improving which is kind of what I personally need so maybe I need to attend at a different time.  This class has no instruction just leading through. Pricing: competitive for rest of studios in the area. Clientele:  not fair to judge off of a few loud yogis right? but there were some valley -talking sorority grads killing my zen before we got started.  The room was full of bro hugs and people who probably were all at some of the local bars last night with their crews.  I guess maybe the whole vibe is designed to be where Greek life kids go when they grow up. A grown up residence hall just isn't appealing to me. I'm a late 30s mom of two.  There were some people there who are probably in my demographic but I just felt like we weren't the target clients. Seed cafe.  Ok. $28 for two sandwiches and a salad. I was the only person waiting for food. More than 30 minute wait for food.  Unacceptable by any standards right??  I know people need training but I always feel annoyed when I see chef cooks reading out of the recipe binder.   Sandwiches were good. Salad was just ok.  It's a clean place and a good workout. But with so many studios offering different vibes for yoga; I will be going to hot yoga u.  It felt more like me; even if it's a bit of a drive.
I'm from Philly; which of course nothing in Az can compare to a real cheese steak. I've visited this place a couple times; and  as the saying goes;  third time was  a charm(not exactly). The guy in the kitchen was rude to me when i tried to grab a few ketchup packets and napkins near the register.I honestly never sat down and ate in there; which I didn't know napkins and ketchup were on the tables. What made my visit worse was that a gentlemen behind me in line did exactly the same thing;and   nothing was said to him.I felt like the kitchen guy was border line yelling at me as if I was going to steal all the napkins and ketchup packets from the  other paying customers... who would do such a thing??? lol. Anyways; my cheese steak was nothing special; which I was hoping it would be on my third visit.And the way i was treated was unnecessary.
Hello everyone;I've been a vendor at this market for 10 months-now and I want to personally say that ALL the vendors are fun; kind and caring people. I enjoy my Saturday mornings more than ever now that I have an opportunity to feature some of my very own plant; floral and other handcrafted items. I have been in business for almost 27 years now and the Phoenix Public Market is another out let for me to express some of my creativity. The food and freshness is great and you can walk away with a fun conversation item....what is it you ask? SUCCULENTS and psychedelic succulents at that. Follow your way to the happy face sign and you will see a huge assortment of hand crafted succulent gardens and singlets that are very easy on your wallet for sure. You see for me it's about community. You can see some unusual creations that are centered in wax vessels and other hand painted glass that all contain the funnest plants on the planet! Join me every Saturday from 8-noon and sometimes on Wednesdays. Always great gifts for any occasion. Say hi and YELP!My web sites are:www.lasflores.bizwww.twitter.com/Las_Flores
Looking for Filipino food? Looking to watch the game? Looking to get some pastries? Or maybe a Filipino beer? They have it all here..  My favorite is getting lechon kawali and monggo soup; together they are an amazing meal.
Could their be a better way to blow through 700+ Calories in one sitting? Ya; I go Gotta Have It!I constantly see the owner of this one in the store; and it shows! The staff is very friendly and accommodating. And; a big one for me - bathrooms are clean!If you have never tried a take-home cake - might I suggest the Coffee House Crunch ...  you will not be disappointed.
I'll go when I'm craving seafood... But it's really not good seafood. Everything is in some kind of butter sauce or deep fried. It smells fishy as soon as you walk in the door. The crowd is generally elderly folks and it's just a blah place. Shrimp Fest is the only time worth going... All you can eat for a great price!
Visited again but seemed the menu is limited during the weekday.
I love always being greeted with a hi whenever I walk in. The young men and women who work here are incredibly polite. The drink possibilities are vast; although I usually get the green tea. Sometimes I treat myself to a delicious cappuccino. And I must say; it has some of the best doughnuts in town; and they are only 59 cents after 3 pm!
Came in at a non-traffic time.   Ordered the lunch Pad Ga Pow with sliced beef.  I wasn't asked how spicy I wanted it; but the spice level was just right / on the hotter side for me.  For dessert; the fried banana w/ ice cream was awesome; it had a pleasant contrast of texture of the ice cream and banana.
Very nice place to stay.  Came here with my family as part of a vacation package - we chose the king bed room with pull-out couch for the three of us and so far has not been a hassle.  Love the fact that there is a gas fireplace in the room and a jacuzzi tub.  If it warms up a bit we might venture to the pool and/or hot tub.  Fry's is just up the street and we are buying much of our food and supplies there - the room has a fridge and coffee maker; but no microwave.  Our neighbors are active but it hasn't been too much of a problem.   The walls are a bit thin but it's to be expected.  Where we are is handi-accessible and I definitely recommend this for those who are limited in their mobility - it has lots of handrails in the bathroom; and has a shower chair.Nice big closet and dresser - loved the fact that they supply two spa robes.  This is a nice place and very low-stress.  The front desk people were exceptionally nice and very helpful in telling us of nearby restaurants.Lastly; the southwestern style is of the room adds to the relaxed atmosphere of the place.  The artwork in the room is similarly southwestern-themed; so it's cheesy but in a good way!Will definitely stay here again if the chance comes up again :)
I have heard several people talking about this place the last few weeks; so I thought I would give it a go.I love that the Camelback corridor is blooming with new restaurants; but no need to go back to this one.PRO's:The restaurant; cafeteria style; is extremely clean! Awesome!The menu; several options to the core styles of Mexican dishes (ie: burros; tacos; etc)Around $8 for a generous meal for one...not bad!CON's:Service is slow.  Going through the line of 'fixings' takes a while.If you want lettuce in your burro; prepared to have it on the side.  They make your burrito with choice of meat; cheese; beans; then 'nuke' it in a conveyer belt toaster oven. (really)?I asked for lettuce in my burrito; and they said they put it on the side as to not send it through heater.Tortillas made there...but nothing to write home aboutIt's not a terrible place to go...just nothing worth having a frequent visitor punch card there.I would suggest Panchero's (exact SAME concept) over Cafe Rio.
This nail place is terrible. Theres one across the parking lot that at least doesnt change prices on you.
Not too impressed by this place. The seats were verrrrrry hard and did not recline and the service was sub par.
This place is absolutely awesome! I loved the pretzel bread and the pizza; cannot wait to try more of the other pizzas.  The beer queso was terrific with the pretzel bread and pizza crust. :)
Food was good. We sat on the patio and itWas cold. Service was very very very slow. Steak and shrimp was really good. Salmon was very good too
Some of the most awful customer service I have ever received. I had booked my wedding cake 3 months prior. the cake tasted alright. they only use Italian butter cream; that tastes like cool whip. I went in today to place my deposit; and let them know that my venue had changed; and it was not in my control; i had to change it; they asked if they had to go through any dirt roads i said yes after you get off the freeway there is not even half mile of dirt road. One of the manager s said they will absolutely not deliver to venues that have dirt roads; because it could ruin the cake. WHAT A LOAD OF CRAP!!!. Then I asked if i could pick it up myself; and she said NO. Very rude people! I have never heard of something like this in my life! Mediocre cake at 5 star prices. Don't waste your time. you are better off going to Fry's or albertsons; and getting better tasting cake and customer service!
Excellent breads and cookies.  Free samples tend to cause you to buy more than you planned.  The regular reason for the 20 mile trip back to this locations is the Fruit and Nut breads.  Raisin bread was the standard; but we picked up the fig bread for a change and it might become the new standard.  If you are a bread snob; then you will like Tammie Coe Bakery.  I am certain they have something which will please any palate.  Oh and BTW this place is expensive.....
This is typically a place I try to avoid because it's in a commercial district. On the particular night I came here I was two sheets to the wind having had a few at The Thirsty Lion. It was a late Tuesday night so it was not very crowded and they had live guitar music so I wound up having a good time. The outdoor area is a nice place to sit overlooking Tempe Marketplace below. The service was OK; not bad but not particularly memorable.I think this would be an OK place to come during the week. I don't think i would deliberately come here but would have no problem winding up here on a week night when I'm already buzzed. I think I would be miserable here on a Friday or Saturday night when it's crowded.All I know is that by the time I left I was wasted and felt awful the next morning so they did something right.
My last dentist practiced in Bentwood and  had several well known movies stars as patients and the work I have received from Dr Dodd at DC Dental has FAR surpassed the work I received in Bentwood!  Where; by the way; I paid at least twice the amount.  Dr Dodd and his team has changed my smile and my life!Thanks DC Dental!!!
Great food!  A little pricey for a broke mook like me to do regularly but yummy!
I have been impressed by AutohausAZ service; their prices are great and all the parts that I have ordered where quality material; exactly what their website have stated. And the price is definitely the best.  I just ordered a set of halo rotors; they arrived within 2days.
Never again! I went here specifically for their meat department; however I was very very disappointed. when I ask for lean 90% ground beef; I expect LEAN bright red colored ground beef that has hardly any fat on it. The first time I bought the lean ground beef; I brought it home; took out to cook and thought; why is this so white? looks weird..well i cooked it anyway to find that half my pan was full of melted fat when i had hardly put any oil to begin with. Thinking maybe it was just a mistake; maybe they accidentally gave me the wrong meat; i didn't think to go back since i live about 30mi away. So; when I went back today; I made sure to check they were putting the 90% lean meat into the bag and giving me the correct one. Well; nevertheless; I come home to compare it to the one I previously bought and it's the exact same thing!! i've never seen ground beef look like that; let alone the lean one!I also bought boneless chicken thighs; i brought it home; opened the bag and it stunk!! the chicken had completely gone bad! my first experience with spoiled chicken!  i plan to never go back again!--let me update my review and go from giving baiz 2 stars to just 1!from the same trip as described above; i had also bought shish tawook which is the pre-marinated chicken..let me tell you; i ate that for dinner and was up all night for 3 days and spend 4 hours in the ER to find out that i had gastroenteritis (the stomach flu) from eating their contaminated chicken! I ended up throwing out $70 worth of chicken/beef.FYI; STAY AWAY FROM THE MEAT DEPARTMENT!!!
We've been here several times since it is right down the street from where the husband and I work. We've also brought the in-laws here; since they really like Pei Wei. I would have to say that this place is similar to Pei Wei; but with way more varieties and less of a chain feel. When you dine here; you receive a salad with a tasty dressing and some wonton chips with sweet and sour sauce to start. Then you have many protein and vegetable options. When with the in-laws; we usually order way too much food; but it's all really tasty and makes good leftovers. The house fried rice is delicious - it comes with beef; chicken; and shrimp! The sweet and sour shrimp technically isn't on the menu; but they can bread anything and dunk it in sauce. S&S Shrimp is one of the father-in-law's favorite. The beef and broccoli is tasty - the broccoli tastes fresh and the beef is really tender. The sister-in-law and I really enjoy the beef teppanyaki - which is wide flour noodles with onions and beef. The sauce is delicious and again the beef is tender. The husband always orders a different dish; never deciding on just one favorite. On Saturdays; the lunch items are all $5; which is a great deal. If you are ever in the area; definitely give Flo's a try! You won't be disappointed.
I was here from out of town visiting friends and one of them recommended coming here.  I had been eating fast food for days it felt like so I did want something that was a bit healthier.I liked the concept and thought everything was pretty well made.  I had the Ahi tuna burger and it was perfect - good amount of tuna; done perfectly rare; etc.  I also got beets on the side.  It was quite a lot of food.  I thought the prices were reasonable enough - the only odd thing was it was kind of an in between restaurant -  it wasn't fast food since you had to wait for the food; but it wasn't a sit down restaurant either.
The spicy combo was excellent and I would def recommend it to anyone who likes a bit of spice.
I have been taking my 10+ year old car here since it was out of warranty as they are within walking distance for me.  There have been several changes in Service Managers since I've been coming here and I've liked all but one of them. I would agree with the guidelines Alex mentioned below.  They do tend to try to get you to buy things you don't need but they don't push it.  I also have to say that in my experience all car repair places try to do this so it's really up to us to do our homework and only do what our car manual's recommend.The reason I'm rating them four stars today though is that I just failed emissions and after making several changes based on the diagnostics they were not able to fix the problem so they didn't charge me a penny ... not even the oil change I decided to get while I was there.  Sadly; Firestone thought the problem might be with the OB computer and that has to be handled by the dealer.  Today; I went to the dealer and found out Firestone's diagnostic fee is $30 less than the dealer.
Hey! A tea store! What's not to love?Uh; everything; apparently.Crazy prices; middling-quality teas; obnoxious minimum purchases; a ridiculous affinity for tutti-frutti blended teas; and a bunch of insipid nonsense about the soul-cleansing properties of boiled leaves.I especially like the scam they run with the containers. In case you haven't heard this one before; they automatically put your tea into a tin. They don't ask; and they don't bother mentioning that piddly little slave-labor pot metal tin is $7; apparently hoping you go all glossy-eyed at checkout and can't do math in your head. Goodness; they must hope you think; tax must have gone up quite a lot!Skip it. You can get much better tea with much better service at much better prices by making the trek to Souvia or using any of the reputable catalog companies. Maybe Starbucks will force-feed Teavana some customer service skills after the acquisition is final; but my hopes are not high.
This is my go-to place for quick breakfast burritos. I either get the standard with eggs; ham; cheese and pico or the machaca with shredded beef; eggs; and cheese. Both come with sides of red or green sauce. The tortillas have a nice texture and all of the ingredients are cooked together for an overall great distribution of egg:cheese:meat. They'll even toss potatoes in the mix if you ask. Watch out because these burritos are hot and tend to leak just a tad. They're big too; so you only need one. Check these guys out next time you're sobering up from a long night or if you're craving one of the best breakfast burritos I've ever had. They offer drive-thru and sit down. If you eat inside; they have a small salsa bar.
What an enjoyable Yelp event. The Nutcracker is a Holiday classic with the timeless music of Tchaikovsky coupled with the brilliant dancing and production of The Ballet Arizona. I have seen the Nutcracker before; but acquired a much better understanding of the story from the Production Director; Michael Panvinni. There was a Q & A relating to the story line and various other related topics during our private talk with Mr. Panvinni. There was such a vibe in the air with patrons taking pictures and enjoying the festive atmosphere with the story teller; the decked out Christmas decorations and of course the food and merchandise. My wife really enjoyed the picture taking as well. I just wished we would have taken a group picture with that ballerina in the lobby.The Waltz of the Flowers scene seems to get all of the accolades and was certainly special; but I thought the Snowflake Waltz with the falling snow was stunning. And of course; my favorite music of the Suite was the Pas de Deux. Thanks to Yelp and Lindsey for putting on this event; I had a chance to check out The Arizona Symphony Hall and the talented group from Ballet Arizona.
This is the best yogurt place in the valley.  The owers are very nice and keep the place very clean.  It;is hard to find fresh fruit toppings but I don't have to worry about it at Kokomo's.  Thank you guys for an awesome place for my wife and I.
This In-N-Out is almost always packed; which makes me a bit nervous. But hey; since that's a personal preference; I won't knock off a star.As usual; this restaurant offers flawless casual fare; just like the other locations. Dear God. Their chocolate milkshakes have a perfect thick texture; and their food can always be customized. Whether you want three patties on one burger; lettuce as a bun or a milkshake with all three flavors; you can get it here.My tried and tested favorite is the double-double Animal Style with no tomatoes. It has not steered me wrong yet.
If you like an arrogant waitress you are in luck! If you do not have a reservation be prepared to sit in the sun (where today; 12/29; you smell gas from the construction next door) or in the yellow room (if there is anyone beside your table; you can't hear each other). The food was fairly good; but if you are not really hungrey and just want a small soup or salad; no choices. For the money; not worth it. Especially have a waitress that completely made me feel like a second class citizen.
Let me just start by saying I've been going to European Wax Center for a few years and really like their wax and their technique. However; I've had a brazilian at this particular center several times and twice I've gone home with what can only be described as peach fuzz. I don't know why it keeps happening; but as I've never had that issue at the other European Wax Centers; I can only assume there is something wrong with this center.Second; I feel I HAVE to comment on the fact that they are all about selling things. You absolutely can not get out of there without them trying to sell you package deals. My waxing technician also attempted to sell me their serum; exfoliator; and skin lotion. The worst part of that; is that when they walk you up to the front; they just pick up a bottle and tell the front desk to ring it up with your order. They never ask if you actually want it; they just assume you are going to take their suggestion. I've had that happen to me at two of their locations and it's completely annoying and rude in my opinion. I have to constantly watch them so I can tell them no; I'm not interested in your overpriced product; please don't ring it up with my overpriced wax.I have to admit though; other than those two times; the waxing itself is way less painful than anywhere else I've been and they do a good job for the most part.
Mahalo!First time to the Modern Tiki on Central.  Someone sunk some serious money into the decor in this place.  You can't help but notice the bamboo lowered glass racks above the bar; and the glass tile backsplash behind the bar.  Even on the outside of the building there was an entire section done in beautiful glass tile in electric blue.You are greeted by a rather minimalist patio with a huge fire pit in the middle.  White lucite tables and chairs surround the pit; making it cozy on even a chilly day.The interior bar area is modern and tiki-themed.  Don't worry; they have like 12 different types of rum for all the different hawaiian cocktails on the drink menu.  We tried a few drinks; but the good old standby Mai Tai tasted the best.  There is a full menu with lots of appetizers.  If you like fish; you're in luck...  fish tacos and hawaiian ceviche are among the succulent selections available.  A full dinner menu; including lots of pork and seafood is for the asking.Wednesday is happy hour all day.... tropical drinks are $5.-  Every day there is a happy hour starting at 3pm.  The staff is friendly; and doesn't miss a beat keeping your glass full.I think I'll definitely be going here on a regular basis!
It Is a good place- as others have mentioned in a very unassuming shopping/industrial center. The beers are tasty- not four peaks quality but more unique flavored. They will give you the micro- brew head ache! But they do provide free popcorn with TONS of different toppings options. It's clean; decent sized; decor lacking (although the cute dog picks on the tvs are awesome). I'd come here again with friends since its very chill and not busy. Service was excellent. Beware the meat locker bathrooms!
It was time again for our company Christmas party at the Millennium Resort! It's not super fancy; but I always like how the room opens up to the patio area and you have the view of Camelback Lake behind you. It makes for a very pretty party backdrop and they had heat lamps outside as well. Staff there was great at keeping the place neat and getting rid of plates and empty glasses.
I have now been here for a work dinner; and on a date with my wife.  This place is an amazing secret.  Excellent food; great atmosphere; perfect service.  If you go during the spring or fall; you can sit on the patio without it being too hot.  Being so close to the mountain and surrounded by trees; it really is an amazing place.  And with great food to go with it; it can't be beat.
Kind of run down for a Sheraton but decent for a one night stay. The lobby is really nice and the staff were helpful but the room itself smelled a little musty/moldy. The room is big enough for queen sized beds but unfortunately they don't have queens for some reason. Nice big tv but small bathroom. Also kind of loud since it is right next to the highway
I absolutely love the food here.   I had the Bun Bo Hue- the Spicy Beef Noodle Soup and it was amazing.  Spicy but not too spicy.    The staff was nice and it is best to go before the dinner rush.I never tried Vietnamese food before and this place made me glad I did  give it a try.
Pretty good gyro :) the Greek fries were good.
I live literally a block and a half from this location; so when I moved to my new place I was excited a sandwich stop was right down the street. Unfortunately; the sandwiches just aren't worth the price. A large sandwich is about 2/3 the size of one I could get from subway for less. All of the sandwiches are good; but I don't feel like I'm getting all the bang for my buck. It is nice that they have late hours for some after-the-bars munchies; but I have only eaten here a handful of times. If their sandwiches and prices matched better I would probably eat here once a week.
Yummy!  A little on the pricey side for what you get which isn't surprising since this is in the jw.  I thought it was strange that I was offered a table at the chefs bar first despite staying in the hotel.  When our table was ready after waiting for 10-15 minutes; we saw that there were plenty of tables and that the chef's table was literally like sitting at a bar.  I was glad that they seated us at another table immediately upon request but it was a strange start.  We had the appetizer canoe for two and the chicken satay was absolutely delicious!  The beef ribs were also excellent but I didn't care for the spicy tuna or the lobster dumplings.  For dinner; we had the mixed plates of the surf and turf and the shellfish.  It was yummy but nothing compared to the pineapple upside down cake.  Remember to order that ahead of time as it takes a while to prepare just like the soufflé.
Totally disappointed!  I asked for patis (fish sauce) and lady said she didn't have any?!  She offered me soy sauce with vinegar instead!!!???  Anyway; the fried bangus wasn't all too good and my husband simply swallowed his way through the pork barbecue... WILL NEVER RECOMMEND THIS PLACE TO ANYONE ON THIS UNIVERSE!!!!
Wide selection of beers; many of them are on rotating taps; and delicious menu items. I usually go for Trivia Tuesday nights to compete with and against my coworkers and friends. It gets packed quickly; so make sure that you get there early to grab a seat. In addition to this; this place is really bike friendly.
Definitely best gyros in Phoenix
NYPD Pizza hosted an Ale Unveil event here; and glad they did.. We got a tour of the brewery and seeing where they came up from and where they are headed to is a great story.. The owners and brewers are very hospitable and knowledged in their craft.. I will deffo be returning; and will have to try the Watermelon Ale at least once; out of curiosity..
This is the most dishonest jeweler in all of Scottsdale. Their product is way below par and the service is atrocious. My wife had a problem with her engagement ring and they tried to fix it but only made it worse and then went on to belittle my wife multiple times stating that she knows nothing about the business and that I am only a salesperson so what would I know about customer service. They never fixed the problem and I will be reporting them to the BBB and I am sure they will still not fix anything. If you run into this company; make sure to run; run; run as fast away as you can.Do not trust a work they say and do not trust their products. Worst business relations EVER!
I am sure there are many other locations for a seafood experience that are more deserving of your hard earned cash. I would recommend Pappadeaux Seafood Kitchen as a better quality experience.   The salt cellar is a truly unique venue with an overall comfortable atmosphere. It seems to suffer from it's inability to decide whether it is a fair restaurant or trendy cocktail lounge  completely missing the mark on both. The dining rooms feel a bit crowded and and quite noisy probably complaints. The service was prompt and courteous; but could have been more competent and friendly. Considering the overall prices here I would expect nothing short of a great dining experience; this is not what you will receive here. The Good: The unique local and atmosphere...not reflective of the prices!The Shrimp cocktail....Big deal!The clam chowder was very good; although it's just soup.The Halibut was tasty easy to cook The Alaskan crab even a monkey could boil crab!.The Bad:The service!.... When a patron has to ask for a steak knife to cut a lobster tail most servers would catch a clue. Ours did not; they don't care; it shows and they get an F!The escargot!.....A  parochial presentationof under cooked snotballs ; I am surprised no one has become ill or killed.The turtle soup!..... If you have fond memories of the Turtle club days avoid this at all cost it is not fit to eat.the salads were wilted greens; drowned in lackluster dressing.The stuffed lobster!......OMG!..... There is no excuse I have had better hospital food. I would rather eat a salami sandwich dipped in battery acid.The Plain Lobster! unfit to eat; same as above.in short Save your Ca$$$h! I left  nauseated with buyers remorse; which is shocking considering I didn't even pay for the meal. If you are looking for a interesting bar with fair seafood appetizers this may be ok; but as a fine dining experience I would pass on this one.
I've been training at Blue Collar Fighter (BCF) for 3 years now; and it's an awesome place to train for any age.  My kids love the kids MMA class and are looking forward to competing.  I have an 8 year old daughter that can't get enough of it.When I arrived; I had never taken a lick of martial arts training and was grossly out of shape.  I've now competed at several grappling competitions; including several NAGA's; and have won first place in every NAGA division I've competed in.  I'll soon be competing in the expert division after only 3 years of training.  I think that says a lot about Robert Biggs; the head instructor and co-owner with his wife Erin.  He absolutely lives and breathes this stuff and has taught me a ton and helped my conditioning get to top notch.  Nick Gragg; another black belt instructor there; is also an amazing grappling / jiu-jitsu practitioner and instructor.A lot of places teach you self-defense against  people who have no formal fight experience.  BCF teaches you how to fight trained fighters and how to compete.  I pay for the highest level of training (level 3); and there's no way you'll get a better value for your training dollars - unlimited classes; one-on-one coaching; and unlimited open mats; weight training; etc..  A lot of great people in that gym.
No organic 2% milk; which is in the farthest corner of the planet from the entrance; because no one would go into a grocery store for just milk; right???And the cashier couldn't have been any more rude. No thank you; no smile; actually even seemed annoyed that we were disturbing his quiet evening since there were hardly any customers n all were mostly going thru the self checkout
This is my new favourite Asian diner. I am a vegetarian and this place gives me options. The food quality has always been great and it is service with a smile.
Excellent mussels.  The escargots were exquisite and the crepes were a good way to end it all.  Lids enjoyed it too !!  Tres francais !!
My boyfriend and I absolutely love their hand-tossed pizza! There's always plenty of cheese; great sauce; and lots of chewy; doughy crust. It definitely beats out any chain pizza we have had around here.  We always order our pie with sausage and mushrooms.  The sausage comes as large slices; as opposed to the ground; rolled up little pieces you sometimes find on pizza.  If you do order wings; know that the mild is very; very mild.  I often joke that even mild salsa burns my mouth; and yet I found these wings to be lacking any kick.  Definitely go for something higher on the heat scale if you want any spice.  Overall; I would stick to the pizza; but know that it's worth it!
The staff here are friendly and readily available; they'll even stop what they're in the middle of doing to assist you. The selection is wide and varied. Youll find all the popular brands you're used it. A lot of items on discount.The thing that really pisses me off is how expensive the clothes are. Even with a discount you can spend up to $40 on a sports bra. That's just crazy to me. If you're savvy you can get out of that store in under $100; but it's tough. I spent almost $20 on one pair of socks!
Best buffet in town. You can`t go wrong.
I was thrilled when this location opened as it is very close to my home. Having been to other urgent care facilities and being treated like cattle by annoyed office staff who looked like they were barely out of high school - I was impressed by the cleanliness of the office; friendliness of the staff and expertise of the providers. I have been here three times in the past six months both for myself and with family members. I was thrilled to get in and out in less than one hour on a Saturday morning for a somewhat complex issue that required a couple of tests!Also; after my husband went in for a wound dressing; the office called him the next day to check and see how he was doing...my GP doesn't even do that anymore!Urgent Care Extra truly understands that healthcare is becoming more consumer-driven and knows we have a choice in where we take our business. They have earned my business!
The food is amazing and healthy! Love the Portabella Mushroom burger; it is top-notch and has such great flavors. Be sure to start out with the Roasted Red Pepper Humus; you won't regret it!
Outstanding food!! Great; fresh; local; creative; unusual and tasty combinations. Service was good. Loved the patio on a nice sunny day! Unusual open commercial kitchen in the middle of the restaurant.  Prices are reasonable. Will definitely be back!
Dined here again and tried the jalapeno hummus with pita chips; and had the mozzarella; avocado; tomato salad.  The jalapeno hummus was excellent; and had just the right amount of spiciness to contrast with the creamy texture of the hummus.  The pita chips were nice and crispy.  I had the small order of salad; which was beautifully prepared; with large portions.  It tasted great; and each component meshed well with each other.  One of my friends ordered the chicken fantasia which was a huge portion of chicken with sauce; veggies; and rice.  Service was very friendly and drinks were refilled promptly as needed.  I like that the food here is healthier; and has an emphasis on more sustainable; local ingredients (Such as the coffee and desserts) and high quality proteins (Such as grass-fed beef; and free-range chicken).  Definitely a good place to frequent for vegetarians or omnivores!
We have been in for lunch many times working in Downtown Chandler and it has always been very good.  Decided to try it for dinner with my husband.  Food was absolutely amazing.   Hubby had the tenderloin and I had the Rib-eye.  Both were done to perfection and the sides were wonderful as well.  Portion sizes were generous without being massive. We both had a glass of wine and the wine list is pretty good if a bit pricey.  The ambiance and decor are outstanding.  The only reason I did not give it five stars was the fact that the waiter who has served me at least 10 times for lunch didn't even begin to recognize me and asked if we had ever been there before; he was also a little on the slow side for refills. There was no bread either which we thought odd.
The place is small;  cute and clean. The display case is so pretty. I sampled 3 flavors. And one of them was bland. I finally went with the Carmelo it was ok not very tasty but for almost 5$ I got a very small scoop but it's so rich it filled me up. I like texture with my ice cream this place has no mix ins but a few flavors have nuts or something in them. In order to enhance the flavor of some other flavors the counter girl suggests mixing flavors but of course that's another 1$ or more. I'd probably take a friend there cause it has a cool name and the case is so pretty but I would not be a regular
I love this pharmacy. The staff is corteous; friendly and they know what they are doing.  customer service is A+.  It's a business you enjoy visiting.
Loved this place; sat outside for drinks and pizza and it was great. Service as wonderful and food was impeccable. Will be going here again!
The pizza and wings are real good; however the service and atmosphere makes it difficult to continue to go back; but I end up going back since the pizza is good.
After having a terrible experience elsewhere; I feel obligated to write a review for my go-to pho place.  This is pretty close to what I would consider authentic Vietnamese food; certainly the closest in this area.  The broth is flavorful; and the meat is cooked exactly right.  Other dishes on the menu are just as delicious; but for me; when I go to a pho place; it's all about the pho.  Yes; the service could be better; but this is pretty typical for a Vietnamese restaurant.  They are never rude; but be prepared to have to flag down your server for the check.  Other than that; I have no complaints.
My motor went out on my garage door.  Rather than pay some dropout a few hundred bucks to come out to my house and fix it I decided to do it myself.  My dad recommended Smokeys on 67th and Greenway.  It is located on the NW side just south of Genos.I went in and the gentlemen at the counter was very cool and even though I had no idea about garage openers he treated me like a regular.  He took the time to show me how to swap out the motor on one he happened to have on the counter that he was working on.  He also walked me thru what to unplug and grease.  He was extremely helpful and if I knew his name I would put it on the review.I asked him how much slack the chain should have and he showed me on a model they had on the floor.  Again; just a real helpful guy that ensured me it was a pretty easy swap.  Most places will talk you into having them do it.  Instead this guy was walking me thru doing it myself.  That is what I call looking out for the customer.I went home and followed his instructions.  Was it a bit of a pain?  Sure.  Took me about an hour and a half and a few curse words but when it was all said and done I had an opening and closing garage door again. Thanks middle aged guy at the counter in a red hat at Smokeys!FYI - They take cash; visa; or mastercard only.
The husband and I came here on a Saturday morning to see The Hobbit. We've never been to this specific IMAX theater before nor have we experienced a 3D IMAX movie. Overall; it was a good experience but this place could use some updating. Mainly the mall is atrocious and definiately needs some deep cleaning and a facelift. This extends to the Harkins and the IMAX theater as well. The seating is decent inside the theater; but other Harkins/AMCs (Desert Ridge/Tempe Marketplace) are much nicer. Overall; the movie was good and it was great seeing it in IMAX but I don't know if we'd come back since there are other IMAX options in the valley.
Great pizza! I came here twice; both times with a Groupon; and was not disappointed. I had tomatoes and really enjoyed their caprese salad. I've tasted the Americana and Cinque Formaggi which were both great. I especially love the atmosphere and the patio is perfect when the weather is right. It is somewhere I have highly recommended since and will certainly visit again.
This 5-star review is based on overall experience; as opposed to culinary deliciousness; although the pizza was pretty good! My 4th graders and I recently took our yearly field trip to this location as part of our Fractions Unit.  When we arrived; the staff was completely ready to go; despite the fact that they were swamped making the pizza orders for the local high school.  The general manager himself happily greeted my students; took them on a personal tour of the location; and answered all their questions with patience and a smile on his face.  Everything was clean; organized; and everyone was very accommodating!In regards to the food; everything was fresh; hot and tasted great! The students were all allowed to decorate their own pizzas; and the staff encouraged them to be creative with their pepperoni designs.  I couldn't have asked for a better experience; and I know the kids and I both had a great time!
If you are a) in a hurry or b) claustrophobic; just turn around. Turn around now and RUN. You will be sitting close enough to hear the wisdom of neighboring randoms in love with the sound of their own voice. (A favorite quote from the next table: If you want to be CEO; you gotta get your MBA.)You will wait. A long time. A disproportionately long time. Your server is super friendly and kind; but harried and unapologetic; even when shrimp end up in your dinner uninvited. (Oh; oops; good thing you're not allergic to shellfish.......... are you?)The wine and beer list? Meh. Abbreviated.The menu? Bruschetta; salads; light sandwiches: your typical wine bar fare.So why in the eff is the place so successful? Location; location; location. What would be average in Arcadia is novel and exciting in 85028. Really. There is nothing else like it in this part of the valley and for that it wins. Its patio is big; decor is cute; food is decent; and it is god damn chic and exciting if you are used to Applebee's. So why does 32 SHEA garner four generous stars? BECAUSE THE NUTELLA MARTINI IS PROOF THAT GOD EXISTS. Pure. Genius.
The scallops were awesome! Service was a little slow but worth the wait.
I was really eager to try this place because I know a lot of people who have enjoyed eating here.  The service was very slow; though very professional and friendly.  The menu looked so exciting and I finally landed on the lobster and crab tacos; with a side of the mac n' cheese (since I have heard such good things).  The presentation was disappointing and I knew once it came out that I was not impressed.  Nothing tasted bad; the food was just extremely disappointing.  The food was bland; dry; and had  little meat in the tacos.  The mac n' cheese was bland and watery.  I was so happy I only ordered water because my company joining me for lunch ordered iced tea and had only one refill.  I felt like $40 was completely wasted on a very disappointing meal.  I will not be returning.
Saves money but I read online the purses you get here are not made the same as the ones from the real stores? not sure? My wife prefers the retail stores!
Sadly; I missed dinner service here so a couple of associates and I grabbed a late-night dessert at this lovely Italian restaurant.We were very impressed with the atmosphere of this restaurant. Although we chose to sit outside; the location proved to be very hidden and private-- perfect spot to take your date! Our server was perfect and extremely attentive. Even though he knew we were only ordering desserts; he still took the time to go through their best options. We decided to go with a couple glasses of wine; some coffee; and a Tiramisu to share. The attention on our table was never lost; in fact; as the night grew chilly; our server came back and helped move a heat lamp closer to our table to keep warm.The Tiramisu was excellent and I'm truly sorry to say I wasn't able to experience more of their great food! Will definitely be back on the next trip!
I really liked the sauerbraten; but the rest of my family wasn't so impressed. Mind you; we're from Chicago. The schnitzel was a little dry (needs a little gravy); the jaeger stew was too vinegary; and the brat burger had lots of herbs but no spice. However; the chicken and waffle (especially the Belgian waffle) was awesome; and the pretzels rule. Try all the mustards; too... I never had whole grain mustard; and I want more!
It was my 1st visit and love the atmosphere.  The food was delicious!  Had the farmer's market salad and very tasty.  My friend had the pasta and he really enjoyed it.  I also tried the sangria and did not care for it.  I have had better; lucky for me is was only 4 bucks.  The server was very attentive; almost too attentive; she was starting to get on our nerves.  She kept interrupting our conversation.  Anyhow; we did try their hazelnut chocolate cake and that was very delicious.  All in all; it was good experience; the food was great; service was a tad too much and my sangria disappointed me.
Nice place to hike. Not to challenging on the 3mile hike so I will be back to try the 6 mile hike. Not to steep either but nonetheless a nice scenic trek.
It was good. Hummus was tasty; Gyro was excellent. We will eat there again.
We came back for dinner on Friday evening and it was everything I hoped it would be. If you're an alcoholic...err... alcohol aficionado; this is the place for you.  They offer barrel aged cocktails which is a truly unique experience.  They're a bit spendy at regular price but if you go during Social Hour; they're half price and a steal (note to CPH: I appreciate not being forced to be happy.  Thanks for validating the preferences of pissy people everywhere.)  The term craft cocktails is starting to go the way of  sun-dried tomatoes (sad and overused); but currently there isn't a better description and this is definitely a destination for a twist on the sauce.  If my husband were granted full access to their bar and nifty ingredients; I might never see him again.  (But granted; it's been a good run.)  We ordered the mac n' cheese; chicken and waffle; and crab cakes for appetizers.  All were fantastic.  I thought the chicken and waffle was a strange offering but an app but it works.  For din-din; our table had the short ribs; filet; duck; and meatloaf.  Six loud tipsy people were quiet for maybe an entire minute which should tell you something.  Desserts were an exercise in competitive eating but we managed.  Our table had the pumpkin bread pudding; apple pie and dream pudding.  YUM.  We then accomplished a gastronomic feat by indulging in their house-made egg nog.  It was a thick; creamy; delicious glass of shame.      The service was fantastic.  Our waiter was friendly; funny and engaging.  They did a wonderful job of taking care of us without hovering.  I'm not the biggest fan of Old Town thanks to the douche bag/Ax factor but this is definitely a compelling reason to make my way through guys in too tight t-shirts who say dude excessively.
There once was a conceit built in the shadow of the Heard Estate - a New England long house; pool house and roadway store - on Vernon Avenue. The rambling buildings have been re-purposed over the decades; and the current incarnation includes a coffee shop at the old pool house.Shine; well; shines at this location. Their pastries are starting to get baked very morning. And they've got plans for this old pool house ...
I've eaten lunch here a few times. The food is decent; although I did not like the sandwich I chose today. The service seems good and long lines tend to move quickly during lunch. I guess I was just a little disappointed with the chicken poblano sandwich and chicken noodle soup. I didn't like the taste of the sandwich- too citrusy and the soup was boring. The chicken said it was grilled and it was cold and kind of wet. I didn't like the texture. I will probably give them another shot in the future. Maybe I'll stick to the sweets they offer; which are delicious!
Expensive; but great food.  I got lucky with dinner for two and a bottle of wine through Groupon; but what they didn't say was it was about $20 towards a bottle of wine; and only 3 were close to that price.  Food was excellent for the Groupon price; and service was great!
Pretty spendy; but the steak was certainly well worth the price.  I had the Kansas City cut -- the very best steak I can recall having.  For side dishes we had green beans; Brussels sprouts; and lobster mashed potatoes.  The lobster mash was completely unnecessary and over the top --way too much food for even four hungry guys.  (It tasted ok; but could have; should have; been a meal all by itself.)  We also ordered two bisques and two salads
I really hate to give anyone a bad review; but 2 stars is a little bit of a stretch; even for me.  This is the first time i've ever eaten at Steve's; but I'm not sure I want to go back.  Myself & two of my fellow photographers ate at Steve's this past Friday.  We were seated immediately; but it took almost 20 minutes before we saw our waitress.  There were only 5 other tables being served; so they weren't busy.  I ordered the Fish & Chips luncheon special.  The fries & clam chowder were good; but the fish had absolutely no flavor; at all & the cole slaw was just as bland.  The only thing that would cause me to give this restaurant a second chance; would be Nica; our server.  Nica was very friendly and helpful.   $13.00 for this type of lunch is way over-priced.
First time we went I was very impressed...owner is such a nice man. Food was really good.  Our seconds experience we ordered for takeout and not as good. Latest time we had a groupon. We were there for at least 2 hours. It was very warm; none of the tables were clean; service was terrible; there was a little girl running back and forth screaming and worst of all was the food. They have gotten very skimpy. I think our food was sitting for a while before it was served because all of it was cold. Too bad because it was so good the first time.
The only time I've been was for an early lunch on a weekday.  We got there around 11:30; which was fortunate as the location in the Esplanade seemed ideal for holiday shoppers grabbing lunch and the place filled up quickly by the time we finished.  We both had the lunch filet special; a surprisingly robust 6 oz filet with potatoes and delicious asparagus on the side.  The filet was tasty; though not quite what you'd expect out of the formerly nearby Morton's;  I'd say it was pretty close in quality to a cut from the Keg.  And at $19 I think a pretty good value at a nice lunch spot.
Awesome.  The chef actually uses his imagination to make amazing weekly specials.
Sangria = BOMB. Weekend happy hour  + Sangria + $5 each = Bomb. Food= delicious & wholesome. Pork tenderloin two thumbs up. Love this place.
The food is pretty good but the service was bad.  We had to wait for a hostess to show up; were served warm beer; had to wait a long time to get a cold one.  After we got our food; even after asking for silverware we had to go get silverware/napkins and ketchup from another table.  I get it's a T & A place; but it has to have good service too.
There are two Thai places in this plaza. The 5RCha; which is basically all self-serve and fast food; and Thai Elephant; which is sit down with waiter service. As I was getting food with the family; we opted for the sit down place instead.Despite the two restaurants supposedly not being connected (according to the lady in 5RCha); I thought the menus were pretty similar. Thai Elephant definitely has a bigger one; and their entire restaurant is quite big with very nice decor.Service was very good when we went; as the restaurant was less than half full. That being said; there was still one mishap with our order as my mom ordered the glass noodle soup and it came out sans glass noodles. It had to be brought back into the kitchen and replaced; but the replacement occurred pretty quickly.Food was good. I got the Pad Z U (beef); my dad got the yellow curry (chicken); and my mom got the glass noodle soup (shrimp; cup). My mom's order was by far the smallest; but my dad and I got very generous portions and I had leftovers to take home. The only area where they weren't so generous was the tiny bowl of rice my dad got; which may be a dealbreaker for rice lovers out there.For dessert; we tried their Thairamasu. Warning: It's not really tiramisu. It's a thin layer of cake on top of chocolate-y; coffee-ish ice cream. It was also TINY; but maybe we shouldn't have expected much from a $4-5 dessert? Still; it was a bit disappointing to see.The price was pretty typical of a Thai restaurant; with all entrees falling between the $10 - $20 rangeSo why the loss of two stars? In general; while I did enjoy my meal; it wasn't the best Thai food I had ever tasted and even worse; it wasn't even the best in the same area of Tempe. I don't think I'd make the short trek out to Thai Elephant or even recommend it to my friends--not over the 5 R Cha or Thai Rama near ASU at least.
great place to go the people are freindly and  i like to stop there on my way to work
Thought it was fun and really pretty and I am glad we went.  So what do we do the next hour? Would have been nice if it was larger or less crowded or something. You should be required to have kids to enter; maybe then it will it would create a sense of wonder.....?
Never once have I ever been disappointed. I'm going to have to say this place is 1st ranked for me when it comes to authentic Hawaiian food in AZ. Their mac is delicious; the meat is never dry and always full of flavor. My two personal favorites are the teriyaki chicken or beef and the bulkogi! Bulkogi means fire meat in Korean. It's grilled and marinated is yummy sauces. Definitely give it a try if you're in the Mesa area- you will not be disappointed!
Very unique and interesting pieces however poor customer service.Could hardly find someone to help us when we had questions and not very friendly.Do not expect them to negioate on price - not happening there.  And if by chance you get lucky it won't be very much.Good thing they have nice furniture b/c  they couldn't survive on their customer service skills.
The place was really nice and the staff knowledgable and friendly..I thought it was a little pricey. $33.00 plus a $6.00 tip makes almost 40 bucks for a medium THIN pizza 5 wings and two cokes. I can't understand why people like this pizza. It's super thin and most of it is the huge crust which is doughy and tasteless..I guess that's why you need dipping sauce which I'm not used to unless ordering from Pizza Hut. They have some huge Beer Menu that's also pricey! $7.00 drafts? $4.00 for a can of Miller Lite? It's not the kind of place I want to sit around and drink in anyway..If I felt like a few beers I would just go to Wild Wings next door were the mood is more festive and the food better and cheaper. The wings were o.k...nothing to write home to mama about! There's a place called Stevies on 59th and 101 ..I can get better; bigger pizza and more wings for about $22.00...and sit home and drink my own $1.00 Miller lites..Mellow Mushroom is o.k. but I won't go back there..lot of better options..
Nice place for lunch with a friend or with a small group for dinner; been here many times for both.  Great salads!  Expect to stay a while and relax.  Have not had anything from the menu that was less than expected.  Good service.  Decent prices.
MMMmmm this place has some yummy flatbreads! Got the wild mushroom and truffle arugula pizza and a chicken apple and spinach salad. Both items were excellent and comes in such large servings that my roommate and I couldn't finish it in one sitting. Everything tasted fresh and healthy... not heavy like most pizzas.
This restaurant has deceivingly beautiful decor. Looks like a nice restaurant; comparable to The Keg; but the cheap prices of their food matches the quality. I got their shrimp scampi jn lobster sauce and it literally was like a frozen dinner meal. I've had lean cuisine meals that were better quality. Fine service but the food leaves a ton to be desired.
To get a simple oil change you have to be lucky if you are able to maker an appointment; or if you think that by dropping your car off and wait for it it's going to be faster....absolutely NOT!They are so unorganized; if you show up they will tell you that you need to make an appointment; and if you try making an appointment they will tell you that you actually have to call during the week. I came early on a Saturday around 7:15am; there were 7 cars ahead of me...by 10am still wasn't ready!! I had to wait in their lobby as that's my only car. :(This is just horrible!!In another occasion I dropped my car during the week around 1pm and they said it should be ready by 4pm; we came back and the car wasn't ready. We return before they closed and the car wasn't still ready!! We had to wait another 15 minutes for our car.I'm definitely not coming back to their Arizona ave. location!!!!
I was quite disappointed; especially considering the high yelp reviews.  No way is this a four star dining experience by any means. At best it is three and based on my experience it is a two. Maybe it was just because it was late when I went; but it certainly was not good. First off; for a casino buffet; they had very limited options and very little variety. There was nothing that could be custom ordered for one and second what they did have wasn't that great. Anytime I'm at a buffet and I start filling my plates with soup; fruit; and vegetables; it its a sign that there isn't much else to offer that is anything good. They had prime rib; a chicken dish and seafood and desserts; but that was pretty much it for the main entrees. The chicken dish tasted terrible. It was dry and bland; and after one piece of it I had enough. The prime rib: bland and pink; and not that good. I asked them to cook it longer for me and after that is was cooked right but still was pretty bland. The baked potatoes were probably the best part; although they weren't all that hot. Although there were toppings available to make it a loaded baked potato the toppings seemed like they were sitting a while. The butter- just avoid it. It was terrible; and looked much better than it tasted. Desserts were pretty limited and  not very good. I wanted something chocolate; and there weren't any options. So I tried the chocolate chip cookies. They were stale; hard; and very poor tasting. A manager walked by and asked if there was anything he could do; so I asked for something with chocolate in it. He eventually came by with a chocolate cream pie. The taste: not impressive by any means. It met the criteria but wasn't that tasty.The orange juice: very watery. My drinks were terrible. The service was as bad as the meal. The waitress barely spoke English for one; and almost everything needed to be explained to her twice. Second; she was slow and almost never checked up on us. Almost every time I needed something I had to ask some other staff member since the waitress was never present or checking up on us. And the restaurant was pretty empty; so there was no excuse for the poor service. Overall: terrible. Definitely do not recommend; and certainly not worth the $20 meal cost.
I was excited to see Over Easy come to the East Valley especially since I experienced the original restaurant on 40th & Indian School in the old Taco Bell building.  I was hooked and remember recommending Over Easy to LOTS of people.  Even though I lived in Gilbert; I still took a trek to Central Phoenix because I loved the food; the wait staff; the ambiance.  When the restaurant closed and moved down the street on Indian School; I wasn't sure what happened; but the quality of food and the service started to wane and each visit become increasingly disappointing.  I had a former boss from Orange County visit earlier this year and he heard me talk so much about this place.  He stayed in Scottsdale but found his way (with his family) to Over Easy.  They weren't very impressed. Well; when I saw that Over Easy opened on Warner Rd.; I immediately told the family....Over Easy is here!  I hadn't visited in awhile; so I thought maybe they worked out their kinks and have restored the quality that I had come to love back in the day. I visited the restaurant TWICE this week; and I am officially over OVER EASY.  The hostess (there both days) was atrocious and extremely unprofessional and unfriendly.  I ordered the chiliquilies which I absolutely raved about and it seemed like a completely different dish.  On my second visit; I brought my wife and kids and she saw another customer with the chiliquilies; and asked the owner (or manager) about it.  He said;  it's basically Nachos.  I couldn't believed he was dogging his own food.  It was obvious they were not committed to high quality of anything.  My kids (ages 8 and 12) even noticed the poor service.  The has browns were lukewarm (both days) and the portions were definitely different from my original experience back in Phoenix. Needless to say; I need to cancel my text I sent to several of my friends that Over Easy was open in Gilbert.  I'll tell them not to bother; especially if the mean hostess is still there!  What a shame.....
Service was great!
We travel a lot; so I feel comfortable saying that the parking spot is pretty dang good. The parking is covered; the shuttle vans come frequently (probably every 10-15 mins); and the service is efficient and friendly. When you enter; you can get a copy of the paper; and when you exit; you can even bottled water.  Over Thanksgiving; we got exceptional service. As was expected; it was quite full. Even though we didn't have reservations; they valeted our car for us and parked it so we could easily catch the shuttle.  We have been very pleased.
Been twice now. We are Pho-natics and have been to many Vietnamese places in Phoenix. Although not as good as Pho Trahn overall; this place is far better than most. What distinguishes it: service is very good; something that many Vietnamese places lack. Very clean; and has a relaxing patio (beware; they frequently have the patio closed however during the cold moths) and the ingredients they use are much higher quality. If you've been turns off by the fatty; low quality cuts used in Pho in other places; this is your place. Also; while the Pho gets the most attention (Pho Bien and the pork/beef are excellent) the Hot Pot (K got the seafood) Soup was amazing. Very generous portion and almost sweet to the taste with a good amount of acidity. The Pho is very balanced in its broth but the hot pot is delicious if you're looking for something different.
So; I'd like to start by first saying that I did NOT use Safelite; but was so appalled on the phone that I would never even think about it. I called the main number on their Web site to get information and I was connected to some inbound call representative. Firstly; they wouldn't give me a quote until they asked me a lot of questions; many of which had nothing to do with what the chip repair would cost. Secondly; they tried to say it would cost $101.00 for a chip repair. I was so shocked because I once replaced an entire windshield for $110.00 so I would never spend that much for a repair. I told her that it was outrageous and nevermind; then she said Ok; I can do $75.00 I told her too high and no thank you; so then I had to hear a lecture about how their apoxy is clear and such great quality and on and on. I called a few other companies and am very happy that I can go with Guardian Auto Glass; who will come to my house for $44.95 + tax.
This is a beautiful trail in a wonderful regional park.  Easy parking; running water bathrooms; and good signage.  Reading the reviews from those who bring families and dogs; I would agree that it's nice for everyone. Now I'll write from the point-of-view of the solo hiker. It's not the best trail for your workout if you go during peak times. The problem is that it is mostly single-track; so you are going to need to pull over; or have others pull over for passing.  Especially if you're running down....that was a total pain; trying to avoid dogs and families. Don't get me wrong - everyone was great; and accommodating (mostly) but it definitely makes for a much more challenging workout process.  If you're in workout mode; you'll make it up in about 40ish minutes; and down in 20ish.
It is all right for what it is; a small Korean market.I walked in anticipating an all-encompassing Asian market; like the one on 43rd Ave.  Imagine my chagrin when I came to the fresh fruit and veggies in their 7-foot refrigerated case.Not much in the way of the fresh fruit and veggies...and the butcher shop does not do much to impress...since much of the inventory is packaged and frozen.
Great service; good prices; and it was a nice clean place. The lunch specials for $5 are a great deal. I had the sweet and sour chicken and it was good; just not great. I will be coming back here for lunch in the future.
I was disappointed in my experience at Van Dyke Laser. I had researched laser fat removal and was very interested in Cool Sculpting. When looking in the Scottsdale area for an office; I came upon Van Dyke Laser who happened to be having an open house the following week. After going to the open house in which you can see one of the assistants for recommendations; I was advised by Heather that I was not a good candidate for Cool Sculpting as I did not have enough fat; but would be great for Liposonix.  I had never heard of this prior to that night at which a gentleman from Liposonix was present. I signed up and had the Liposonix treatment on my abdominal area about 3 weeks later.  Everything was great that day; nice staff; nice office and Grace who did the procedure was really nice. Heather came in to get her going and I felt as if this was the first time that Grace had done this procedure by herself as Heather gave instructions on the levels 30 ;40 ; etc. and how to administer the pain medication.After 2 hours ; I was able to leave and told that results would show in 8-12 weeks. Also; the office would want to see me at that time. Well; it is now 6 months later and the procedure did nothing for me. It was a waste of money and on top of that; I have never had 1 follow up phone call from the office to see how the procedure went or how it progressed. Very disappointed and I would not recommend this office or procedure!
Yummy pressed juices! Found this place on Yelp when I was looking to kill some time waiting for an Rx refill at Walgreens at McCormick Ranch. Endurance Cafe is inside the LA Fitness; but you don't have to be a member to get to the juice bar (I hate it when the juice bar is in the back of a gym and requires membership to get to it). It's on the right hand side when you walk in the gym.  I was welcomed to the juice bar by the dude who appeared to be the one in charge of the juice bar operations/ordering/menu. I saw no signage indicating if the produce used in the juices is organic; but the brawny man behind the counter assured me all the fruits and veggies they use are organic. This made me happy! I asked about the pressed juices; as I have been craving them ever since moving away from NYC 6 months ago where pressed juice is everywhere (though it is very pricey out there)! I was excited to see that they had pressed juices and not just smoothies. I don't think they use the fancy-schmancy Norwalk pressed juicers; but I'd argue that my drink tasted pretty damn nutritious. I ordered a basic juice to see how it was-I believe I got the carrot apple ginger or something along those lines (it was a couple weeks ago). I was surprised at how creamy and delicious it was! If the produce isn't the perfect ripeness it can taste off; but this was perfect. Slightly sweet and creamy and just a bit tart; this was 100% pure goodness. BTW; they use amazing ice! I know; it's just ice; but they use the tiny round cubes that they use at Coffee Bean which I love; they're so good! You can get your juice with or without ice; and I opted to have ice with mine as I have always found room-temperature drinks disconcerting.Prices are definitely fair for what they're serving (assuming that it is; in fact; organic produce). It's less than I would pay for juices of a comparable size in NYC and the quality is the same; so for around $7 I'd say its a fair price. The other drinks on their menu are less expensive; but pressed juices are always gonna be up there in price; so keep that in mind. This ain't no Jamba Juice! I can't wait to come back to try other things on the menu; as the food and other drinks sound delish as well. Only issue is; I always feel weird walking into a gym in street clothes with zero intention of working out!
Locally owned for around twenty years this is a true neighborhood fixture. While it's not going to win any decorator awards the people and the food here are off the charts. I'm talking about some really really good homemade food! I loved this place from the moment I walked in the door.
This is a family - neighborhood restaurant. And it does that well. Sandwiches are stuffed and filling.  Food quality is good. Pizza is OK; could use more of extra ingredients and a thinner crust but reasonable for the price. Salad is fresh and beer is cold. Service is good; fast and friendly. Atmosphere is homey; like we grew up with. The place is comfortable and casual.  A good stop en-route from Tucson to Phoenix.
food is ok; no delivery; expensive; and there are no such things as combination platters. So if you want beef and broccoli and shrimp fried rice; you have to order each separate so its about 17 dollars per person.
So I read a lot of reviews before going and was expecting a mind blowing experience. Beer selection as others mentioned was great but the food was meh. When I think about a brewery I think of awesome french fries and meaty burgers. We tried beer bites and they were like flat bread sticks from little Cesars. -Takeaway: Cool for a good beer afterwork; if you want a great brewery with BOMB food go to Four Peaks or San Tan
One of my rentals didn't have heat; I called Norris Air and asked them to call ahead because I live a little far away from there. They did: that really save me a lot of time.Technician arrived on time. He checked and found out there was no power because the jump switch jumped for some reasons.He spent about 30 minutes to make sure the air conditioner had no other problems.I appreciate his effort to double check if the air conditioner is in good shape; not just turn the jump switch and leave.This is so far the best company I have hired; if there's any problems in the future; I will give them a call instead of calling around and get ripped off.
While their products are fine (overly priced) They are receiving a poor rating due to theft.I went in mid-morning on Jan-1 for a couple coffees. Ordered a latte and chai tea and was waited on by an older gal whom didn't seem to be happy she was working that day let alone at all. Upon paying for my drinks $10 and some change (yes it seemed high; but chalked it up to AJ'$) SHE ASKED A COUPLES TIMES DO YOU NEED A RECEIPT?Now; while this may not seem like a big deal; we just said sure and walked to our car drinks in hand and receipt in pocket.Once we got home as I'm about the throw the receipt in the trash I noticed an additional charge for a bagel.Now while .99 cent is not a big deal I was curious as to why I would have been mistakenly charged for a bagel we clearly did not order.It bothered me so we called the AJ's to discuss and apparently this has happened before!!The employees count on the (so called rich people) that come in to never pay attention to the price that they are slipping in additional charges for items for themselves. Yes; check your receipt next time you go in. This was at the bakery/cafe in DC Ranch.  After they figured out what happened they refunded us the amount. Again a dollar is not a big deal; but it's a problem they have had before which is more concerning.
I would not go back to this place; even though it is close. It looks run down and dirty inside; both in the waiting areas and exam rooms. I did not feel very confident in the skills or assessment done by the doctor or the staff. It seemed quick and not very thorough.
You have been weighed and Measured and found wanting. First time ever ordering from Here. Had never had anything from jimmies. What a disappointment; especially After hearing all my friends rave about the place. Get a sub with 2 count them 2 slices of roast beef. There is more meat on anybodies sub than what I got from jimmie. The bread was one of th ebest I have ever had but noting else existed on the sub.  For that exhorbitant pricing on 2 subs pickles and chips I could have bought a bag of fresh rolls; 1/2 lb of roast beef; 15 oz bag of chips Mayo and all the fixins and had more than I could eat. I may in the future actually stop ni and try it and ask if they would put some meat on the sub this time but Not really worth the effort when port o subs exists.
Just stopped in to Wag n Wash for the first time today - WOOHOO! I am so happy I found them! I have 3 dogs - a big hairy beast; and 2 pugs. I took the big hairy beast in to wash him - the bath tub at home just wasn't cutting it. For a super reasonable price (17 dollars at the time this was written) and I got a squeeky clean dog! The high power wash nozzle let me get all the way thru his fur - easy to hold on to and change between soap; creme rinse and clear water. The tubs were nice and deep - but had a side that dropped down to get the beast in the tub. And above all else - THE PLACE WAS CLEAN!  it did not smell like wet dogs :) The price for washing included all the extras; towels; washcloth; brushes and scrubbers and spray in conditioner as well as doggie cologne. The dryers worked great - the drying stations are super deep - enough so you can sit on the edge as you dry the dog. Lots of power - long enough hoses that I did not feel like I was wrestling an octopus and the dog.The front of the store has everything your four legged friend needs - great choice of all the good foods for the mutts - and the staff was super knowledgeable!I loved it so much - I took the big hairy beast home and got the pugs and took them for a spa day also :)And the antler chews for the dogs that they recommended were AWESOME! (and they don't stink!)I ended up finding the harnesses I was looking for for the puglets - and the brace lead - all at a competitive price with the online retailersand the best thing about all this - I SHOPPED LOCAL!Can't wait to go back :)
Fantastic ramen and awsome service!  Will be going back for sure!
I've never really been a fan of Carl's Jr; generally. Their food is typically overpriced and not as tasty as other quick-serve restaurants. However; the Hardee's Scratch Made biscuits sign caught my eye. Hey; I'm a Southern boy; what can I say? For that reason; I checked it out on Monday; Dec 10. What I found there will make me return. The Manager; Craig; is the key. He knows his customers. Impressive; since the place is only been open a few months. He has a friendly; cheerful; engaging disposition. It's a quality sadly lacking in many restaurants; particularly in quick-serve environments. And for Craig; is doesn't come across as superficial; I was trained to be nice; insincerity. It's real. Craig seems to take interest in his customers. When I first walked in; he immediately engaged me in a conversation about something of common interest; easily done since I was wear a football jersey to celebrate my hometown team's victory the day before. Craig also keeps the place neat and clean. Also a unique quality in quick-serve places these days. Carl's Jr. in Surprise is what quick-serve ought to be.
Delicious food crafted with love from ingredients grown ; milled; and locally sourced by the chef/owner.  And we know this because we were told it by the unassuming ; Chris Bianco; who walked around the dining room asking diners if their food was ok and then described the ancient grains in our farrow dish; the tomatoes he grows in California; and the Arizona wheat he mills for the flour used in the pasta dough.  And our amazing desert was homemade by his mother; who happened to be in the restaurant that night.
Only ever been here for lunch... wish I could get out for a happy hour. The Sushi is great; and the atmosphere is even better. I try to order 1 different roll with every visit - so I can go through them all. I have never been disappointed with any of them so far. Caterpiller Roll; Lollipop Roll; and Samba Roll are my favorites so far. If you are into eye candy - this is the place to hang. Make sure to get a good seat with a view. Only downside - tend to see allot of the 50+ with 25 and under types - and they are being a little to friendly to be father daughter. But hey - its Scottsdale!As for drinks - only ever had 1 - Fallen Samurai... which is their version of a spicy bloody mary. WOW -- it was good. I will be back - only wish I could go more often.
Great little dive bar. Strong; cheap drinks and the best wings in town :)
My landlord called these people on a Sunday to come and snake out our drain.  The plumber they sent was very nice; clean and professional.  He looked at our problem and I took him to the drain clean out in the backyard.  He commented that there are supposed to be 2 drain clean outs; one going to the main and one going to the house.  He then went to his van and called the landlord.  After about 15 minutes; the plumber came back and said that the landlord is going with another company.The landlord called me after and informed me that they originally quoted a price of $79 to snake the drain.  However; when she talked to the plumber; he quoted a price of $300 due to the fact that there was only one clean out drain.The plumber could have at least tried to snake the clog before calling the landlord.  It would have been a better experience and they could have lodged their concerns with the landlord and provide an estimate afterwards.I am surprised that I have to write this when I see the other 5 star ratings; however; I do feel like they tried to pull a fast one.  I have to say that if I were paying the bill I would have sent your plumber packing as well.
Parking across the street was easy.  People complaining that they had to pay for parking are just a bit dim.  It's Mill Ave for pete's sake!  Of course you are gonna pay for parking; but that's not Ncounter's fault.Restaurant seemed clean.  It was very busy on a Thursday at 12:30pm.  Order line moved very quickly.  We sat and got our food pretty quickly as well; about ten minutes from when we ordered.And then the fun ends.  I had the Cheddar'd dip.  It's a beef dip sandwich with cheddar; basically.  Although the beef and cheese seemed ok; i was disgusted by how GREASY the food was.  Glistening-in-the-sun-shimmer-on-your-fingers kind of greasy.  I couldn't hack it.  Ate about half and gave up.  I will likely try this place again; but not a hot sandwich next time.
A hidden gem.  In these days of growing big-box bookstores and ever shrinking small bookstores; this one stands out as one of the best.  A wide selection of new and used books covering an eclectic range of subjects; I rarely pass up an opportunity here when I'm in town.  Friendly; helpful staff; inviting surroundings; good prices; what could be better.  I'd compare it to Denver's Tattered Cover before they made the move to their new store.  Superlatives fail me for this one.
Don't waste your money or your time here. We came in on a Thursday at 3:30pm and were the ONLY customers. Food is mediocre; prices too high; service HORRIBLE. We got orders at different times; the last orders coming out to us at 4:48 after most everyone had finished eating. When we said something when paying our bill; the woman behind the bar (who was quick to take our money) just argued and tried to justify that they only had one cook and we ordered pizza AND sandwiches on two checks; like it was somehow our fault. It was her chance to apologize and instead she chose to argue loudly. Lack of people skills is an understatement. We will NEVER set foot in there again and advise anyone against it also. I would rate this 0 stars if I could.
Went to zoo lights for the first time and can definitely see how great it is for kids! Went on a Thursday night and it was Packed! The whole zoo is lit up and it is fun to walk around. Admission is $10/adult. FYI most the animals are asleep so don't get your hopes up!
BEST Mexican food restaurant this side of the Mississippi and this side of the border!!! If I could rate this 100 out of 5 stars I would!
Stopped here for a New Years Eve meal with my wife before heading to the block party next door.  Set up a reservation on Opentable.  They had a set 3 course menu for $55 due to the holiday which was not clear when making the reservation; however we went with it figuring that it could be more expensive elsewhere. I had the Lentil and Sausage soup - which is good and tasty and my wife had the greens; both were pretty tasty.  Next up was a Filet for me and Butter Chicken for my wife.   I would say I got the better end of the deal but the food was all good.  To finish was a chocolate tart and sorbet duet.  This was ok and probably the weakest part of the meal.Beer selection was good (we are not wine drinkers) they even had Framboise which is unusual.All in all a good start to our NYE celebrations!
Been there several times; Vegetarian South Indian dishes are still unbeatable. Do not try the Tandoori Chicken; go to Tandoori times if you are craving that one. The service is slowly going to the dogs. On Thursday there was no one cleaning the tables; when friend and I went there. On Saturday; there was only one waiter cleaning the tables during the lunch buffet; with the cups and plates piling. While I was eating my lunch; the waiter happily sprayed Windex on the table across from me; half of the spray ended up in my plate :(  Guess; they are trying to give you the  authentic Indian Restaurant experience; what is an Indian Curry without the whiff of Windex on it...I took my 4 yr old; who nibbled on a piece of a dosa; and took some bites of the naan from my plate; they charged me a Kids buffet price of 7.99. I understand that they are a business; but 7.99 for a few spoonfuls did not settle well with me. Generally when they don't charge me for him; I add a 50% tip on the buffet. No tip for spraying Windex on me.
We had dinner at Taggia the first night of our stay at Firesky. We had a 6:15 reservation and were the only couple in the restaurant? Service was fantastic and the cuisine was delicious. I had the red wine fettucine with rabbit and my husband had the prok chop. Both were flavorful and delicious. I had the green salad that included beets and goat cheese; whcih I owuld have liked to have had more beets. Dessert was delisious! Gelato - chocolate and a biscotti flavor = YUM. The decaf cappuccino I will say was luekwarm and not exactly the best. Would we return? Definitely.
There is always a wait; regardless of time. There's a line by 7:30am; so come early or plan on being here a few hours.  I can't say I've experienced better because I have yet to visit an MVD I like; or have spent less than 2 hours at.  I also can't say I've had a bad experience here; it is just frustrating sometimes to have one person tell you that you don't have the correct form(s) while another says you have the correct form(s) but need to fill out something else.  While the wait can get pretty long (max for me so far: 4.5 hours just to change my license.  Ouch.); they do move through the numbers fairly quickly; there are just so many people who need this service; it gets packed wall to wall.  If you'd like to try avoiding this mess; they do offer an impressive list of services online that you can just do from the computer with a credit/debit card; so make sure to check out their site before you head in (also good for seeing which documents you'll need).
After trying the Swedish Fish Italian ice at a Yelp event and loving it; I had to check out this business. I had a gelati; which is Italian ice layered with custard. I had the pumpkin pie flavor; and it was great! My SO had a fruity flavor of some sort and really liked it as well. Service was good too.I plan on checking it out again soon and trying more flavors.
I love this venue.  The symphony is amazing and the staff have great customer service skills.  I have seen a ballet; three symphonies; and the Texas Tenors so far  at this location and I have been pleased each time.  Great place to spend your Saturday night!
Was there again this weekend - thought I'd give a shout out because this place is SO good. Haven't been since the remodel; which is amazing. The space is huge now and so warm and inviting. The traditional eggs benedict is to die for as well as their potatoes. Not to mention their fruit. I swear they have a farm out back and pick it fresh. Probably one of the best places for breakfast in AZ.
Like other posters; I have to agree; the prices are a bit higher than other stores; but I do value the atmosphere at Bashas.   It is typically not as busy here as other stores so I will make it a point to come here when I just am not up for the crazy Fry's parking lot.
Went with spouse for Buffet on a Friday. As a vegetarian; I didnt eat the other non veg varieties. But I can say this. The food tastes really good. Three varieties of desserts; and four options at least for veg and non veg curries. They provide complimentary masala dosa AND  Nan; so its your choice what to eat. With most other Indian restaurants; its an either/ or. The veggie bondas( dumplings) were Amazing.. Just the right amount of spice; and the chutneys to accompany them were tasty too. As for non veg curries; they had South Indian; Tamilian; pepper fry versions of lamb; and to cater to the Nan; Chicken tikka masala. Their a la carte menu looks extensive. Will go back for dinner definitely. Hope they remain true to the Tamilian tradition and offer more authentic dishes.
given that this place gives you cash for books it should tweakers delight; but its somehow not. They buy you in low; so expect to get screwed. I only bring boxes here after i've gone to chaning hands and bookmans first. Sell them the refuse!I would never buy much of anything here. pirces are just a little too high.if only they bought copper wire!
Does the Scottsdale location EVER answer their phone or return calls?  Have left two messages in the last week (because they'll never pick up the phone) and they haven't called back.  Perhaps they've gone out of business.
Great place! Good change from Starbucks of Coffee Bean & Tea Leaf; I must say. Plus; how can you beat a foam-milk design of hearts or an angel on your favorite; hot beverage?! Such a nice touch.Only con for me would be absence of restrooms; but I have noticed that this is a common theme in Scottsdale Quarter establishments. Love the fact that they have oversized; leather chairs w/smaller tables as well as the high bistro tables w/high stools.
This seems to be the only Sears in the valley that doesnt seem like its gone downhill; given which mall it's attached to that very surprising.Weve always been able to find what we need quickly at this location; w/ little help. It's cleaner than most and is uncluttered.Pretty much; this is our Sears.
On a business trip to Scottsdale; I discovered this place and ordered the California Club based on other Yelp reviews. To this day; I still crave the sandwich and have even tried to re-create this deliciousness at home (... just not the same)!
the 5 star is from my hubby... he loves this place and said everything hes ever gotten here was delicious... i on the other hand would give it a 4 start... im not a sandwich person and this place doesnt have the good italian pastas that i would order... the food was just okay for my tasting but their desserts are delicious... we got the sfogliatelle to go and ate them on the way home. they have italian sauces/pasta/desserts packaged up from other brands that you could buy. the workers there seem to know their costumers that come in so im guessing people keep coming back... ill have to try it out again next time the hubby goes
Fool me once; shame on you.  Fool me twice; shame on me.  (Just because George W. Bush couldn't get the saying right; doesn't mean I can't.)A few months ago; I yelped about the poor service I got at Oregano's on Camelback; all because I wanted extra sauce both on my deep dish pizza and on the side.  The counte-rgal charged me $15 for a cup of sauce.  Not acceptable.  After I yelped; I was immediately contacted by Oregano's customer service and they assured me this was not part of their policy.  She sent me gift certificates.  Further; she intimated that a management change had occurred.  Well; last night; I was AGAIN being over-charged for sauce -- BY THE VERY SAME MANAGER!!.According to Ron; the manager; a 3 oz cup of marinara is $.99.  The cup I pointed to was a ten ounce cup.  So; to fill that would be about $3; right?  WRONG.  But how Ron gets to $10 or $15 for a cup of sauce is beyond me...and it's certainly beyond Ron's mathematical skills.When he offered to charge me a certain amount for the sauce; I said; No; make it something; a formula; something to rely on in the future.  YOU'RE THE ONLY ONE; he said; making me feel 'extra special' in a not-so-nice sort of way.  Even if that is true; why berate the customer?  Isn't Ron's job to make feel special...in a positive way?  Not everyone likes the same thing....So; he knew I was the one who had complained earlier.  He must know that Oregano's customer service thought enough of my complaint to contact me to make it right; but that didn't matter.  Again; he made me feel as though I interrupted his day.  Of course; as a customer; I think I'm the very PURPOSE of his day...me and my $25 for a pizza pie.AND HOSPITALITY?  It's called the hospitality business; right?  How was Ron; in any way; hospitable?  Answer: he was not.  What a crappy ambassador he is for Oregano's.Fool me twice; shame on me.  Even on its best day; the food isn't good enough for me to have to do a $15 battle for an extra 10 oz of sauce.  Sheesh!
Really excited for a new good Chinese place is now in Gilbert. Close to shopping so I love to grab this on my way home on the weekends. Fast and good service are the top reason I love this place. Food is excellent; and they have always gotten my order correct. Prices are good for the large portions you receive. They do not serve alcohol at this time but the owner; young man who is very personable; told me they are working on a liquor license.
STK 2013Ninja stomach silent but hungry.Order: Soba Noodles; Side Curry; Small Salad; Side VegetablesEntree: SobaCulinary Thought: I enjoyed this; all while applying a not-so known noisy ninja noodle-noshing technique .  Whilst consuming noodles; it is the only time for ninja to make sounds!  Also; it allows one to truly experience the essence of  soba.  Come with me sometime for a demonstration.  Ninja Eating Plan: The season of winter was heavily upon the area at the time so it was appropriate.  I did negate the chicken provided; for this ninja is a vegetarian seeking the ultimate enlightenment. The gentle mix of gomashio (Japanese black and white salt granules) and shichimi (Japanese 7 spice pepper) nicely accompanied the broth but I do wish it was hotter due to my extensive ninja warrior training in the cold.  The noodles were the star of the dish; with the spinach playing a strong second shamisen.Dessert: Chocolate CakeCulinary Thought:  Normally ninja pass on dessert.  Tokyo Express is an exception to that ninja rule.  They KNOW dessert.Gotten better since last time but I am eager to discover if it is even better now in 2013!  Happy New Year Tokyo Express!P.S. I will return before the first blossoms of Spring after extensive ninja mountain training.  Itadakimasu!!!!!!!
The only reason that I don't eat here daily is because I grew up on Greek food; but when I don't feel like cooking; Z's Greek can give me food almost as good as mine.  Okay; since I didn't have to shop for it; cook it; and clean up after; let's be honest; Z's Greek is better.It's not fancy; but the gyro meat isn't greasy or over salted; the tzatziki tastes darned good; the salads are generous and the fries are always hot and fresh.  One thing they can ALWAYS make better than I can is the pilaf.  Dang them!!! On a further lazy note;  if you have a craving while in your PJ's; they even have a drive through.
As a member of the Catholic and Greek Orthodox Faith; I'm proud to be a member of St. Francis Xavier Catholic Church. I attend Mass here every other Sunday and often attend a mid week morning Mass. I love the traditions of the Church and always feel at ease here. Christmas Midnight Mass is a true joy -- Love the festive Christmas Holiday decor of our Church. As a gay man; I'm often ridiculed for my deep Catholic faith. My faith and beliefs are those of my own and between God and myself...and I'm thankful to share spiritual moments at St. Francis Xavier Catholic Church.
Love this restaurant! It's our first time in but would definitely come again...our waitress was wonderful. She helped us to choose the bacon wrapped shrimp as our appetizer; the shrimp are huge and absolutely delicious. We also had the crispy eggplant bites very good too. All 4 of us enjoyed our entrees...portions were perfect which left us room for dessert! We shared the bread pudding; the chocolate torte and the buttermilk pie all three were delicious. A perfect night out in a perfect city!
I just kind of glanced at the other reviews for this place to see if I was missing something; and it doesn't seem like it. I've been here twice; and both times I was admittedly already drunk and may or may not have had the best recollection of things. I can't remember anything that really stands out about this place; but nothing is horrible.At the end of the day it's a pretty clean; spacious establishment that serves alcohol; so you really can't go wrong (if I recall; the place that used to be here was kind of a dive). It's probably not the place to go to on a night of hitting up Old Town; but it's definitely not a bad place to pop into for a drink or two.
This place is great. The food; atmosphere; and service. We have been multiple times now and tried burgers; pizza; and salads. We have not eaten anything that has not been outstanding. Every time we go the owner and his wife are there and come and visit every table. They have a very large selection of beer; which the owner went over in detail with my girlfriend. It is complimentary valet parking; walk up a small flight of stairs; and enter a dimly lit posh restaurant; but you do not pay the posh price. It's such a great place to wine and dine guest too!
I'm sold. This place has too many of the same cheap items I can find at the grocery store or discount stores like Target (namely party stuff and gift wrap and tissue paper and arts & crafts). Why go spend more than a dollar for the same stuff? I'm not.Staff is friendly and place is clean and well organized. Plenty of parking space too.
Whenever I'm at Tempe Beach Park; 99% of the time it's for a triathlon or open water swimming event.The park itself is really pretty; with nice facilities that are usually unlocked and stocked with TP (but I always bring my own just in case).The water in Tempe Town Lake is really gross.  If you're swimming in it (during a legally sanctioned event!  Swimming in it any time is illegal); don't drink it.  You'll get sick.  Trust me on this one.
Very good food! Great atmosphere and people. Wish we had a place like this closer to us!
This place has the best tacos!  Given that it's set up outside of a bar; you would think it wasn't the best in the world; but they really are yummy.  It's actually set up much like a permanent food truck but they have ample picnic style seating.   This is the place to go if you want some post-clubbing snacks at a pretty reasonable price.  They even have an ordering window which is located in outside area in Charlies.
Stopped in here after a Suns game recently. The boyfriend and I were pretty hyped looking at the beer menu online; but disappointed when we arrived as most of the list online is not actually in the bar. The female bartender informed us those were the beers they have carried in the past; not necessarily the beers they were currently carrying. A lil misleading perhaps? Anywho... She was helpful in finding us something from the current selection to enjoy. Prices are fair. There is no food or liquor. Also; this place is incredibly hard to find as there is no signage. Luckily; some friendly folks on the street pointed us in the direction of this closed-looking establishment.  In conclusion; this is probably not somewhere I'd go out of my way to frequent; but a charming lil hipster bar nonetheless.
I haven't been in a long while so decided to have a late birthday celebration there on Sunday the 9th with a few of my closest friends; 16 in all!  Normally; the combination of location and bodies means a long wait and only marginal service but I was very pleasantly surprised from start to finish.  I called the day before for reservations and  arrived early; expecting to have to scramble to get it set up.  One of my friends was already there and the table was ready.  Score One!  The food was good; the staff was great and we all left full.  Score Two!  The coffee was REALLY good...I had 4 cups.  Score Three!  All in all; it was a really pleasant brunch and everyone left happy.
My name is Mark Siebel; owner of DOGGIE STEPS Dog Training in Chandler; AZ. I have been buying my dog food and supplies and referring my customers to Choice Pet Market for 5 years. Quality foods; dog toys/products; and the BEST service in town is why I keep going back. Check them out; you won't be disappointed. Tell them DOGGIE STEPS sent you!!!
I'm not really an outdoors person but this place is pretty darn huge.  Really big gun selection.  I usually come here and wait for my husband to peruse.  All the camo apparel they sell keeps me entertained.
The burger was alright. The online menu prices and the real menu prices do not match up. They can be up to 4-5 dollars different. The cheese curds were.... weird. I can't place my finger on it but would not buy them again. I got sweet potato fries and my friend got normal potato fries. Both the normal size and yet my friend got about twice as many fries as I did even though I had to pay extra for sweet potato fries. Personally probably wouldn't go again.Food was meh. Service was meh even though there were only three groups of 2 in the entire place.
Rude admin staff and very hard to reach. Always had to call several times and/or leave several messages. Always felt like I was bothering them.
Fantastic food; but the portions are kind of small. I had the ricotta ravioli and it was great. Really; tastefully fresh ingredients. I thought there was slightly excessive use of oil in the dish; but I am not a big fan of oil so I can't fault them for it. Overall a great experience! Sitting outside is lovely in October!
I came here for the ice cream; and the ice cream is phenomenal! Turns out they also have coffee and food. Awesome! Some of the greatest local ice cream I have had. I no longer live down the block; but wish I did. I will visit any time I am near though!
Things must have gone down the drain since my last visit as my last experience in terms of food quality was horrible.Other than the smiling waitress; the sprng rolls tasted right out of the freezer and my chicken curry was everything left to be desired. the chicken did not taste fresh and the dish was unappetizing.
The bus system is an absolute joke! I am originally from Tucson and I thought Sun Tran was bad. Boy how wrong I was. I have always been an advocate for public transit and strongly support its use. However after using Valley Metro; I can see why everyone drives everywhere; its not a feasible means of transport. First of all the scheduling is terrible. Outside of peak hours it can be as regular as 30 to 40 minute intervals. Of course that is assuming the bus even comes! Especially on route 44; there might be several scheduled busses that simply do not show. I have regularly waited up to 50 minutes for the bus to show only to give up and call a cab or walk. In more than one instance walking proved the faster choice.During peak hours the buses are often crowed. Usually its not to bad as long as the ac is working. Pray that the AC doesn't go out; the smell in the busses becomes unbearable.The drivers are rude and not very helpful. First time users beware; the drivers expect you to be expert travlers of the bus system; asking questions about payment; routes; times; transfers; or other bus transport related issues is frowned upon by drivers.In summation: don't depend on the bus; it will probably be late if it even shows up. Valley Metro is really a slap in the face to public transportation everywhere.
$10 for a mimosa and brunch. Breakfast sandwich: bacon cooked perfectly crispy; the blend of guacamole and applewood smoked bacon is a true pleasure. The perfect breakfast treat!  The steak and eggs was a larger portion than expected and the chimichurri sauce was the perfect accompaniment. I'm surprised it was not more busy! They have a dog friendly back patio. Honestly; how amazing is that? The service was attentive and the options of beers is impressive. You must try as many as you can before you commit to one. It's a must try. If I lived in town if be here every Sunday.
My boyfriend and I eat here about once a month.  We live about two miles away and usually walk (weather permitting).  They have a nice beer selection (Guiness for me and Blue Moon for the boy) on tap.  More importantly the food is good.  And they have tater tots!  We used to go to Teakwood's on Indian School a lot because we loved their wings and tater tots.  BT's wings and tater tots aren't quite as good but still do the job.  The burgers are good.  We'll have to try Taco Tuesday one night.If you're a sports fan this is the perfect place.  The wait staff is always great too.
They have a lot of things in this oversized warehouse from shoes to clothing.  What don't they have?  Kids' shoes!This location is steps away from Target and Costco and across the street from the Chandler Fashion Center.  Now that Stride Rite has pulled out of the mall; I am having a difficult time finding quality shoes for my kiddo.  DSW - I have a hint for you...There is a lot of empty space inside.  Why not fill that space with kids' shoes?
Never actually ate at the location. We have had take out on a couple of occasions. Really good food; have had their orange chicken; chow mein; Mongolian beef. Seems to be the best locally. I could only think of a couple of places that are better; but they are California!! This will be our Chinese food joint; until they fail us!!! Service has always been good; and price are decent!
Great selection of international treats. A little pricey.
Last night I just wanted a quick bite. Being a regular cutomer; I went to Tommy V. To my surprise my bartener; Tabor; recommended a special for the evening. It was called Choppio Frutta di Mare--absolutely delicious--the fish was so fresh. They usually dont have specials; so I was estatic to enjoy something so different and awesome. I hope they continue to have more specials.
I went to Dr. Kim because she was under my insurance policy; close to my work and office; and had great reviews on Yelp. I was also able to make an appointment with her during my lunch time so I wouldn't have to be away from work a week ahead of time. I've tried making appointments else where before and the wait to see the actual doctor can be months. My appointment was right on time; love when that happens. Her assistant was really nice and helpful and so was Dr. Kim. She helped to prescribe and recommend a few products and tried to give me the generic option when possible which is great. I also appreciated that she didn't try to sell me on other products or give me anything that was unnecessary. I will definitely be going back to Dr. Kim in the future for all my dermatology needs.
Clearly there are a lot of good reviews about this restaurant so I'll keep mine brief.  OMG! I stopped in this evening for a nosh after picking up my BF at the airport. I've been there a few times so I knew they would have the fire going and heaters working.  The atmosphere is always so nice there.  Very romantic BTW if you are looking for that sort of thing. :-)I had the  'Apricot Glazed Tender Belly Pork Tenderloin with Caramelized Onion Risotto; Bacon Vinaigrette and Sautéed Spinach with Toasted Almond'.  My dining companion had the Beet Salad and then shared a bit of my entree.  We added a Malbec from Argentina to compliment the food and WOW!I've been to HofT several times but tonight was the best ever.  Hurry in to try this amazingly yummy dish as they may be changing the menu soon.
I really like this neighborhood restaurant. They have a pretty extensive menu of options or you can just build your own.  I usually stick with an egg based one for breakfast.  The Cheese Avocado & Mushroom add Egg is my personal favorite. They are a good size and service is pretty prompt. The staff is nice and make pretty good espresso drinks in the times I have .  I usually always get a mocha and they are quite good. It has a comfortable atmosphere  and plenty of room to sit down and take a break.  I'll have to come by and try them for lunch even though I usually stick to breakfast :)Try:- Cheese Avocado & Mushroom + egg- Mocha
What can I say; I love having a Fry's right by my new home! This store is quite huge and has everything you need from dairy; meat; fish; sushi; deli; produce; to household items; furniture; electronics.. you name it and they got it.They have 8 self checkout counters that help speed up the process and there is always an open lane when I'm there.And who can go wrong with the gas prices and member discounts?
The girl at the drive through has a hilarious voice;  this place changes its employees more than I change my socks (which is twice a day by the way).   I love their iced coffee but the hot coffee taste strange.  dont know why that is.   The drive through line is generally quick so you barely ever have to wait (not like starbucks).   THe evening employees are not as great as the morning employees...they seem to mess up your order more often in the evening.   Morning is spot on.   I live close so I Frequent this place often.   Im a fan of dunkin donuts and will continue to go.
We go to Cibo to grab dinner whenever we are heading downtown for a show.  We really love this place.  It's likely that you will have a short wait for a table - and it's a tight space.  But it's worth the wait!  The food is consistently excellent and the service is pretty fast.  I absolutely love their pizza and their appetizers are also delicious.  If you plan on going in a group larger than 4; send someone early to put your name in to make sure you're not waiting too long!
I had heard of his restaurant for years from friends and family. Coming from the East I was hoping for a great meal. The pizza crust was dry; salad was soggy and the service less than helpful. When aske to see the manager; they were nowhere to be found. NOT IMPRESSED!
This location is close to work so I was hoping it would be a great go to lunch spot.There might be better options on the menu; so take my review or leave it; but with other options in the area; I won't go back unless I'm with a party and get over-ruled.I had the make your own burger and opted for the small burger with grilled shrooms/onions and fresh jalepenos.  The burger was cooked as ordered and was decently flavored.I chose the smashburger fries; which in concept sound great (drizzled with olive oil and rosemary); but I like crisp fries and mine seemed less drizzled and more doused or floating.Adding a small drink and I was at $11.The girl at the next table had a salad that looked fresh; but for the price; I thought seemed awfully skimpy.My favorite thing about the place was the little metal basket things that the food was served in and unfortunately if the most memorable part of the meal is the utensils... there is a problem.Save your money and head over to five guys.
Airport and Pizza.  Two words that seemingly don't go together.  Who hasn't experienced scary airport food at one time or another?  Well; thanks to the new LGO in the airport; that is a thing of the past.  Airport + LGO Pizza = YUM!  :)While I am aware that LGO has plenty of other great things besides pizza; (breakfast; sandwiches; burgers...) once I saw the wood-fired oven I knew I had to have one.  I chose the basic cheese pizza; which was anything but plain.  Perfectly cooked with a crisp yet somewhat chewy crust and a blend of bubbling savory cheeses.  Large enough to share; but I am not ashamed to say I ate every last bite!Really?  A wood-fired oven in the airport?  I may have to travel more often...
So good!We stopped in last night; joking that we'd kill two birds with one stone; getting tipsy off our food (gotta be efficient with all the holiday bustle!)The ice cream was SO GOOD. We had the Black Russian Kahlua; Jack Daniels Zebra and Salted Caramel Cognac.It was all delicious. They even give you little waffle cone slices that are so light and sugary and crunchy.. mmm.This is the real deal; btw - they ID you and everything; and a pregnant lady was warned away from the booze-infused flavors.To top it off; the girl at the counter was soooooo nice. She explained how it's made; let us try 2 or 3 flavors each; gave us punch cards; joked around; etc etc. It was so refreshing to have friendly help in a store like this (usually staffed by gum-snapping; bored teenagers).
I was so pleasantly surprised with the food and service at this restaurant. We had the Applewood Smoked Duck; Pan Seared Scallops and Chopped salad and they were all amazing. The food duck and scallops were cooked to perfection. Our waiter was hilarious.I would absolutely come back here next time I'm in Scottsdale.
Customer Service Sucks!When we ordered there was only 1 customer ahead of us; after we ordered there was a line of about 8 people.  It was taking a bit longer than normal even though she was handing out what we ordered to other customer.  When I asked her about my order; she gave me attitude and snapped at me.  We waited over 15 minutes for our order and not once could she muster up an apology.Pretty sad when it was my FIRST and LAST time in this taco shop.  Between her and the 2 cooks they did not get our order; OK no problem just apologize and get on with it; she refused.Her customer service skills suck big time.Would I recommend the place; yes... food is good but I would not recommend when she is taking orders to visit the place.
China China has closed due to a fire.  Don't have any word about repair time or reopening.  China China has been my family' s place to go for large family gatherings and for us all in small groups for years.  Stephanie; the owner knew my parents on first name basis and always asked about family members who were not present.  When my dad died; she sat down with my mother and offered words of comfort.   We LOVED the menu and the dishes.  Yes; the take out containers leaked if tilted.  My son always scolded me for slanting the containers.  But it was so wonderful.  Maybe not traditional Chinese; but nothing in America is traditional or the way people made it at home or in their own region.  It suited my family; we all send prayers and blessings to China at the loss of their business.
If you are looking for the best airbrush tan studio in the city; then look no further!  Donna and her staff are the best in the business. They are always friendly and make you feel very comfortable. The studio is so cute and always clean and I love being able to make my appointments online. You'll come out looking bronzed and beautiful ~ you'll wonder why you waited so long!
Dear LGO - I'm pretty sure I'm done. Thanks so much for all of the marginal meals I've had at your restaurant. Once upon a time you rocked; alas; no longer. I will bid today my final farewell. Here is the jist....do I mind the snarky; lousy attitude staff? not really; do I care that there is never anywhere to park? nope; thats not it as I can always valet...the bottom line is when you add it all up....bad service; wicked crowded; completely overpriced; lack of organic options; your staffs amazingly entitled attitude; ALONG with marginal food? no thanks! I will take my 15 dollar breakfast elsewhere.As a last note; the screaming by the order up guy kills me....constant screaming of names; when I was there; I felt like I was stuck in a time warp at tutor time. As to negate any bad karma; good luck in 2013.
Cooperstown is the perfect place to go before a Suns or D-backs game! If you want to beat the crowd and get a table without waiting; then get there about 2 hrs before the game.  Service is pretty fast; it's possible to be in/out in 60 minutes.I'm visiting from Chicago and came to Cooperstown at the suggestion of my mother; who has developed an obsession with Alice Cooper over the past year (not a love-sex obsession; more like - he seems like a nice guy; stand up citizen; does good things for charity; goes to Church; etc).I was admittedly very skeptical about going here - was expecting it to be very campy and mediocre. It is a bit campy (especially with the servers wearing the black makeup under their eyes); but more like you feel you are in his man cave rather than feeling like you are in TGIF's.  I imagine this is what he was forced to do when his wife (who my mom points out was wearing St John at his holiday charity concert... classy; haha!) didn't want all this memorabilia laying around the house any longer :)We had a very friendly; knowledgeable server who was extremely attentive.  It seemed like everyone working here really wanted to be here and liked their job; even when they have to scream BIG UNIT. That makes any meal in a restaurant better.I had the bbq sampler and it was great.  Huge plate with - hot links (tasty); brisket (ok); smoked turkey (yum); bbq pulled pork (hmmmm); 2 ribs (awesome).  Other dishes enjoyed by our group include the tuna casserole and meatloaf.  This place has great comfort food!
A couple weeks ago the clutch on my Mazda 3 started going out. So I looked here on yelp and called around to a couple of the higher rated shops. When I called Tim late in the afternoon (very close to closing time) he still was willing to listen and give me a quote. He was one of the few shops that gave me the time it would take and broke out the labor and parts costs. I was still calling around but couldn't find a more affordable quote so I called Tim back and setup my appointment. He was very friendly and helpful and had it all wrapped up when he said he would. Car has been running great since. I've got an older Sentra that needs some work and I'll be looking to bring it in here to be looked at. Good shop and nice people.
All the reviews on here are 2 years old; except for mine and one other; so take note of that before basing your decision off Yelp!A friend and I brought our 3 dogs (a Lab; a Lab/Pit and a German Shepherd/cattle dog) here this morning. They had an absolute blast for the most part!The park is large without being so big you lose your dog; really clean (not one piece of poop to be found and today's owners were picking up after their dogs) and double-gated (a MUST for dog parks). The owners all seemed very attentive and were friendly to all the dogs that came up to them begging for a ball to be thrown or a scratch. I loved that the owners played with everyone's dog; not just their own.The only real complaint I had was of one owner who brought a small terrier in; which was chasing/nipping/herding at the (all large breed) others to the point where they either wouldn't go near him or were snarling at him. He eventually jumped in the middle of a ball chase; and tripped an older Golden; who collided into my GSD. The poor Golden was traumatized and and was taken home; and my dog (who's just a pup) was freaked out and stayed under my bench for the next hour.  I understand collisions happen; but the owner made no apologies; nor was he trying to discipine his dog from his other behaviors. I'm sorry; but he's not playing WITH the others; he's being an obnoxious twat.TL;DR for the above paragraph: Don't bring your tiny; aggressive dog into a park full of big dogs. It would be nice if they had a separate small dog area.Otherwise ;4 stars!
Nice and newer Courtyard. Nowhere to eat in walking distance; but there's a mall nearby with tons of places. Probably the nicest of the Courtyards in the Phoenix area. I have stayed in quite a few of them too! They have a person singing and playing guitar near the bar area on certain nights which is a nice touch.
Absolutely Amazing!This was by far the most spoiled I have ever felt at an Elite event. Upon walking into the room I know it would be different; two long tables set beautifully said you are about to be fed like royalty.The champagne started flowing immediately followed by tastes of great wines and handcrafted cocktails all night.The food just kept coming some of my stand out favorites were the carpaccio; scallops; crispy brussel sprouts; bolgonese; fillet and the hand pulled mozzarella just to name a few.I'm not sure how anyone is going to be able to top this event and the service we received form the Tanzy staff was impeccable.I cannot say thank you enough to Lindsey and the GENEROUS staff of Tanzy and iPic. I'm so excited to use my tickets!!!!
Overpriced.  Does not remember customer loyalty.
The food and the atmosphere were 5 stars but the service was 3. Our server started out great; but at the end of the meal it took forever to get our change. I felt like he was taking extra long in hopes we would leave the full difference. Never a good feeling to have after a good experience. Overall I would return.
Don't waste your time here. This place is so slow you will die of old age before you are treated for what you came in for. Lethargic; non-caring staff and I'm pretty sue the doctor naps in between patients.
If you like genuine NY brick oven pizza made with fresh mozzarella;tasty tomato sauce and quality meats; this is da place! Choice of freshly made crusts..thick or thin..both are great. I'm fourth generation off the boat  Italian and fussy about my pizza and this really hits the spot. A large pizza with toppings is a reasonable under $20.00. Mangia!
Breakfast was awesome. Service was a little slow; but the place was packed. We didn't have to wait long for a table on a late Sunday morning. Overall I was really impressed by the restaurant. Decor was funky and the menu was unique.
I just went to the Dragonfly Tea Company for the first time today and loved it!!  Holly the owner helped me pick out tea's and its like she knew exactly what I was looking for.  The tea's are wonderful and there are so many accessories; spices; gifts etc...  This will be my new go to place for tea and wonderful customer service!! If you like black teas you must try Shakespear's Garden; it increadible!!!  Thanks Hollyt for your help and my new favorite tea!
Ok; so the management team was very concerned about my disappointment based on my 1st visit and resulting poor Yelp review.  They were very responsive and very proactive in finding out exactly what did not go well - I give them 4 stars for customer service.  They sent me a gift certificate and I'll be sure to go back and give them another shot. I'm looking forward to a return visit.
Just finished eating here. this place looks classy even if it is a little small. service was great. I had the enchiladas verdes & my guest ordered the Enmoladas. My plate was delicious; the right amount of spicy & tasted very authentic. The enmoladas were good too; were more on the sweeter side; but savory. Yes portions are on the smaller side but the food/taste really made up for it.  We then had their flan for dessert and oh man it's exactly what flan should taste like. This place is so delicious I will definitely return for dinner (they offer different menus and more selection) .
I can not even explain how much I love this place.  Their carne asada is the most amazing I have ever had.  Their guacamole/salsa trio is sooooo good.  The cowboy stew is to die for.  Even their buttermilk fried chicken with chipotle mashed sweet potatoes is wonderful.  I've moved to California in the past year and I miss this place sooooo much.
this establishment has a good 10$ lunch special with pleanty of varity in the bento they offer; service is usually good polite and efiencent the only thing that makes me crazy is the crappy usually too loud caned pop music they play.....
This is a review for the Gelato stand that is inside and separate from the restaurant. But; must be the same owner because; the bill rang up with this name.It is located on the Southwest Airlines side of Terminal 4.I had heard fabulous things about this place; such as they have Nuttela Gelato.On this day though they did not. The lady said they were out of it.  So I ordered one scoop of chocolate and one of Deluce Di leche. Niether one was very good ; I can honestly say I have had better.
Fry's is one of my favorite grocery stores. The staff is very friendly and and their prices are very reasonable. I am in to couponing and no place can beat the many of the deals combined with coupons for items.  They automatically round up any coupon to $1.00 and let you combine multiple coupons up to 3 with their deals as well.
Draft reviews are dumb. You should be able to post the review from your phone. OK now on to the real review..  The only complaint I have about this place is that if you order your burger with no bun it gets too messy and isn't as tasty as other places..however the burgers overall are great.  I've been back twice since my first visit and will return.  Another great concept by Fox
Our new favorite restaurant!  Consistently delicious; great service; nice ambiance; reasonable prices.   Seems like so many restaurants are hit or miss - great one time; disappointing the next - but we've been to Grassroots probably eight times since we first discovered it six months ago and  have thoroughly enjoyed it every time.    Love the Angus burgers (cooked perfectly; with killer fries); the chopped salad; the brisket; the chicken walnut salad sandwich; the salmon/salad combo; Dad's Grocery Bag (perfectly sized appetizer with a variety of cured meats; cheeses; olives; nuts; and bread - paired with a glass of wine; I've died and gone to heaven!).   I'm sure we'll get more adventurous and try more menu items in the future but we've so enjoyed the aforementioned items that we seem to keep ordering the same thing.  Have also over-indulged a couple times by sharing the banana split afterwards.... not doing the waist-line any favors but decadent as an occasional treat : )   Totally agree with another post regarding the amazing renovation of the space - ate here when it was a Chinese restaurant; and an Italian one before that; and it's unrecognizable as the same place.   Very pleasant and relaxing ambiance; both inside and out on the patio.
Poor gym with poor lack of customer service.
For some reason; this Gigi's didn't have the good smell and the cupcakes didn't taste as fresh like the only other Gigi's I have ever been to.
If you want good food; don't go here.  The food was mediocre.  We were the only customers (which should have told us something!) with 3 employees sitting around talking.  The tables were dirty and they were out of napkins.
In a remarkable show of restraint; I haven't Yelped Chef Beckett et al for over 4 months. It's not because of a downturn in food or service. Peg and I celebrated our anniversary there on the 12th of this month; and brought in the New Year this evening. The rib eye and lobster specials were  simply superb. The variety and combinations of outstandingly fresh ingedients plus the atmosphere of customer-centered service has alwaysput this place hooves and snouts above  most. Of course....I HAD to make a pork reference.  At the time of year when I take stock of the good things in my life; once I move past the incredibly wonderful 42-year marriage to Peggy; my thoughts go to places were it feels like family (in the great sense....not the oh crap i AM related to this person kinda way). Once again; Chef Beckett;  Jeffrey and the outstanding crew in the kitchen; Scotty; Katie; Cory; Monte and the wonderful staff (Michael; this night);  thank you for being a delightful part of our lives.   Dr. B
3 * i went to this gym back in apr' 12. i like this gym. nice flow on the main floor. airy entrance. it's a sport so there's no amenities like the ultra or super.a couple of things...1...they should have a couple of spin bikes on the floor because they locked up the spin room at night.2...they should consider getting the HOIST machines. they're amazing.. the HOIST machine are at some of their other gyms in other states. they provide a unique lifting experience and are uniquely user-friendly
This is a pretty good Fry's. Never had a complaint and things aren't hard to find. Clean and organized.
Was looking for a non-chain breakfast place in Mesa and picked Red Mountain Cafe based on the yelp ratings. We were seated immediately and our waitress came over right away to take our drink order. Whenever we ran low on coffee it was refilled promptly without having to ask for refills. I had the bacon & eggs breakfast; and hubby had the veggie omelet. Both were cooked perfectly and the hash browns were delicious as well. The food arrived quickly after we placed our order. All staff was very friendly and courteous. Will definitely go back again and would recommend to anyone looking for a great breakfast place.
My wife and i met some friends for happy hour on a Thursday nite of the NBA draft.  It was busy but we were pleased with how accomodating the staff was.  Our server was very attentive; the food was good; and the prices were easy on the budget.
Watch out for Ella....Went there last New Year Eve and had a great time; recommended it to all our friends.  Come back this year and they've been taken over by the itty bitty titty committee and girls who apparently don't want to work.  The girls were hanging out at the bar or around a table where someone they obviously knew was sitting.  Not a great way to make money.  The top of or should I say the end of the evening came when we paid one of the dancers;who had enhanced breasts Ella to give our friend a dance; after waiting forever we found her at the bar.  She came over; gave the dance; then demanded to be paid again; stating the first amount was for a tip not a dance.  We asked for change for a 20 and she made a big deal about rummaging through her purse to find enough ones; how about the ten we just gave you?... then she produces the wad of ones and says; This isn't the place the be if you're poor!  Needless to say we had a chat with management.   She was back on the main stage and when she saw us talking to the manager;  Scott; she flipped us off - from the stage.  The manager went to talk to her to get her side; he was very friendly; but we waited a while; they were still talking; and we decided our night was over; at least at this club; and we'd be better off giving our money to worthier causes.  I thanked Scott on our way out and told him I would NOT be recommending his club to my friends in the future.   Sad; was a really great time last year.
Great customer service at this location!
Dr. Karawi and his office staff are incredible!  Dr. Karawi is definitely one of the most caring; kindest; most gentle dentists in the world; and the two wonderful ladies who help him couldn't be nicer.  I'm so happy I discovered this place thanks to Yelp; and hopefully you will give him a try!
This confirms my opinion that restaurants that claim to have a great view rarely have good food but are always overpriced.  This one is also old and run down.
Took off a star and a half because the novelty of the hand pulled noodle show has worn off and to be honest I don't think the hand pulled noodles taste any better than store bought dried noodles; or dare I say it; not even as good; and aside from the fresh noodle show I don't think the dishes here are that good.  I'll just be going back to all my favorites a few miles further north on Dobson. 2 1/2 stars rounded up to 3.
Their service department ripped me off. I brought RX330 in for a blown engine fuse that should have been covered by the extended warranty. The service writer called me and told me that it was not and I had to pay for it. She then told me the fuse was INSIDE the engine. They charged me over THREE hours for this repair; but didn't get my prior authorization for the repair cost. When I went to pick it up and argued with them about the cost; they told me I had to pay it or they would hold my car until I did.  Do not ever take your Lexus there for service. I feel that they lied to me and held my car hostage until I paid $400 for a $50 repair.
My fiance and I have been there a handful of times for lunch; brunch; dinner and drinks.  I have read some of the other reviews and frankly; I am surprised by the non-5 star rankings because Barrio Queen is one of the few places in Phoenix I will drive across town for.  I love to bring my friends and family to Barrio Queen.Meal:  They just recently changed their menu but their taco options have practically stayed the same.  I almost exclusively get tacos and one of the draft beers . . . especially the Breckenridge Agave Wheat.  Margaritas are also a sure bet too.Taste:   Perfect; perfect; perfect.  Too many fancy taco places through out the valley think the more crap they throw on the taco; the better it taste but in reality; it just falls short.  Barrio Queen seems to know exactly the point where if they left something out; it wouldn't be enough and if they added one more spice or thing; it would be too much.  The other thing they do well is taking authentic Mexican food and adding a modern/contemporary twist.  A lot of places try to do just that but what ends up really happening is a dish that lacks any sort of real identity or cohesiveness.  10 out of 10.Value:  When it comes to the entrees; portion sizes are great.  Tacos; however; are slightly over priced. . . but they always have some sort of special going on with their tacos. They have great happy hour deals and I never leave hungry from this place.  4 out of 5.Service/Cleanliness: Service at Barrio Queen is excellent; especially for Scottsdale.  Most servers and bartenders in Scottsdale seem to be too-cool-for school-pissed-off 20-something year olds; but the team at Barrio Queen is incredibly friendly.  They aren't afraid either to make recommendations and is very attentive.  9 out of 10.Atmosphere:  The architecture and music work well for the type of vibe they are going for.  I used to live in Brownsville; TX; which is on the border with Matamoros; Mexico . . . and the music reminds me so much of living in the Rio Grande Valley.  4 out of 5.Overall:  If I was wanting to try a new place prior to hitting up the bars in Old Town or looking for a new place for Sunday brunch; I highly recommend Barrio Queen.  And whenever I bring friends or family from out of town to Barrio Queen; they absolutely love it.  I would recommend parking in the parking garage just behind/below because on street parking is a pain!  27 points out of 30; 5 out of 5 stars.
Hooray; another good Indian place opened up in the SW Valley to replace the late; lamented Sutra!I've been going there for some time; but haven't wanted to review it after my Sutra jinx. Now they've been open for a while and always seem to be doing a brisk business.I really like this place. Immediate; friendly service; good food; great prices. As some have mentioned; the buffet can be a bit limited at times; particularly if you're looking for a 100% vegetarian meal. I'd skip the buffet and order from the menu. Favorites include vegetable and paneer pakora; aloo gobhi (spiced as you like it); and bismati rice. Don't miss their fantastic lassis; served sweet plain or with mango (also served salty; but that doesn't strike me as yummy).
Not bad. I enjoyed it. Thought it was pretty good.
The Desert Botanical garden is an incredible aesthetic and gently educational experience.  As I traveled through various natural landmarks in Arizona; I had a lot of questions in my mind.  How does the saguaro hold water/how does it grow?  Why does the biological environment change so starkly and quickly in Arizona as you change altitude?  How did the native people survive here and live off the land?  All these questions and more were answered in the Desert Botanical Garden; partly by a knowledgeable warm guide who has been growing saguaro since World War II.  Overall; the botanical garden is superbly organized by topic without seeming like a boring ecology course.  This is more than I can say for the MoMA; whose ham-fisted chronological organization feels like Art History 101.The trails are pleasingly and creatively landscaped and also point out different factors of the desert and some have cool modern sculptures by Dale Chihuly and Carolina Escobar.  The Desert Discovery Loop/Sonoran Desert Loop demonstrates a bouquet of cacti native to various parts of the Sonoran desert and their origins such as large organ pipe cactus; saguaro; ocotillo; cholla; prickly pear; and barrel cactus as well as plant life like the palo verde and creosote.  Informative and non-invasive plaques explain the origins; significance; and interdependence of various species.  I really do like aloe so going through the succulents trail was interesting for me because I learned that; while agave and aloe are related; they grow miles apart.  Agave is native to the Sonoran Desert and aloe (of which aloe vera is the only edible one) is native to Africa.  I also have a problem with wanting to eat succulents all the time; but that's another story.  I'm guilty of standing around licking part of an aloe plant I tore off a side highway in Mexico much like that dog who hated a lime.)It was an incredible day for animal sighting.  The park is a very attractive place for animals.  I saw and took pictures of a veritable swarm of Monarch butterflies on red flowers in the Wildflower garden; one rabbit who didn't feel like leaving when I sat watching it in the tall grasses; a fatter chipmunk who also sat around; family of partridges; some birds like the Cactus Wren; and my favorite smallest bird I had never seen; the Anna's hummingbird.  A plaque helped me learn the hummingbird call so I chased them around the succulents (they should have had a path running through them!) desperate to get a picture of when their green wings reflect.  Lucky for me; I had most of my questions answered by the end of my Arizona trip; I saw a fallen saguaro cactus in a garden in a Franciscan church in PHX and lightly scraped it; it does have the texture of a cucumber!  And; like a child; I wanted to taste it; but the grassy smell and respect for a church garden with a fallen saguaro made me keep my distance.  I think my favorite trail was the Plants and People of the Sonoran Desert which winds through five habitats (that's what they're called!  Not biomes!) as the altitude changes; the habitats being the Desert; Desert Oasis; Mesquite Bosque; Semi-desert Grassland; and Chaparral.  (Helping me answer my friends' questions about whether Arizona is all desert.)  It also explains how the native people that lived there; the Tonoho O'odham; Western Apache and Hispanic people; survived and thrived based on their knowledge and use of the medicinal plant life.  Basically; in each biome; I mean habitat; they demonstrate a dwelling that exemplifies how the people lived and what they ate.  The marriage of beautiful and natural landscaping and coaxingly informative set ups is perfect in this botanical garden.  It's definitely one of the more intelligently done botanical gardens I've been to; a very satisfying experience.
Food is ok but not such a good value for the price.  Drinks are expensive.  Service is awful.  Slow; got the orders mixed up; the bills were mixed up;  the server was unprofessional (rude; calling women darlin - how tacky).  Watch out when they add 18% service on a big party - on our bill it said 18% but the math came out to more like 30%.  The decor is just awful.  There are lots better places to eat.
The ambiance was promising when we all arrived.  It was suggested that the prime rib would be the best option so I ordered the 7 oz; medium (using their menu-rankings and descriptions as a guide); plus the usual sides.What I got was essentially steak tartar; with a millimeter-thick quick sear on the outside.  On first bite I wasn't sure what I was eating; so I had a second.  Then it became apparent that the middle of the steak was not only rare; it was completely raw .. basically refrigerator-cold to the tongue.So; steak sashimi not being what I wanted I waited for the server to return.  This didn't happen so I got up and went searching through the restaurant; to no avail.  I finally just stood in the middle of a busy intersection until one passed by; and explained the situation.  He could not find our server either so agreed to take it back for 'reheating'.A few minutes later someone higher up came and apologized and said another would would be right up.  The rest of our party continued to dine while I sat there with no dining whatsoever; no refills on water/drink etc.  About 20 minutes later my food arrived (45 mins after ordering); and everyone else was most way through theirs.  With wine glass completely empty; no service for refills forthcoming; I proceeded into steak #2 with just a glass of water.Steak #2 was marginally better; but in lieu of medium it was just well done on the outer ring and again; all-rare tartar in the middle.I gave up after a few bites; just surrendered the meal altogether and just went to a taco take-out on the way back to the hotel.I didn't do an exhaustive review of the check but it did not look like anything was comped; though the restaurant put in a $25 gift card for a future visit.  This I regarded as a final insult; as I have no desire to return to this place and in lieu of making up for the bad meal and poor service; the only apparent apology is an invitation to come back and do it all over again.I hope others have a better experience.
I stopped by here for a quick bite before a performance at the Symphony Hall. I had the Potato Skins for $11 with chicken for an additional $2 dollars. The Food was excellent but I thought it was a tad too pricey. The sever was friendly and attentive. I would stop in here for drinks after a game in the future.
Might be my new favorite place to hang out on Central; be a part of the scene and eat some really great food.  The staff was friendly and helpful.  My Hawaiian Margarita was awesome.  Too bad I was the DD...one was not enough.  Everyone at the table had something unique and different and we all loved it.  Can't wait to go back and try something else.  It was scrumptious!
Love this burger joint!
Tastiest food of our week in greater Phoenix.  We ordered the Indian Taco; the Red Chili Indian Taco and the UFO kids meal; with fun shaped little frybread pieces and beans and cheese.  The food was really simple and exceedingly delicious. The vibe in the place was cool too.  Lots of local folks were there - people who know from good.  While it didn't look like much from the outside; The Fry Bread House was clean and the staff was really friendly. Open since 1992; we're already hooked after one visit.We had a nice time; we loved the fry bread tacos; and we can't wait to go back during our next trip to Phoenix.  Highly recommend.
Aunt Chilada's has an awesome patio.  It is arguably one of the best outdoor dining experiences you can get in North Phoenix.  I've enjoyed lunches here with my wife; who works nearby; sitting in a garden setting; with the warm sun shining down on us and also dinners under a starry sky.  It is a beautiful garden setting and perfect for a lazy nooner; or in the evening; a nice night under the stars.  If the weather doesn't suit; you can always move inside to the expansive dining room.  This  dining room is extensive and wraps around the kitchen with patios on all sides.  This place definitely has the ambiance - and the potential to deliver a kick-ass mexican meal.Unfortunately; after the ambiance; there's not much else to go on.  The menu is extensive and offers all the typical combinations of mexican dishes.  The thing that puzzles me however....actually; there are two things - first off; the presentation is classic mexican; except for fideo.  This makes Aunt Chilada's unique.  I'm not really used to a big pile of overcooked spaghetti on my plate sitting nex to my chimi - almost overwhelming it; as though the chimi is really the sideshow.  When it is piled on so high- I mean you could make a meal of this alone; it's like they are over-compensating for something else.I'm thinking that something else is the midwest approach to seasoning the dishes.  I ate an entire green-chile chimichanga; enchilada-style with sour cream and guacamole; and could not discern any stand-out flavors.  In fact; if you had blind-folded me and fed me this; I would be at a loss as to guess what it was.  On top of that; or rather to the side; taking up half the platter; was this aforementioned huge pile of fideo; mocking me; as if to say; hey; gringo; betcha can't tell what I am!  Well; I do know; and I don't eat it.  In fact; I feel sorry for not enjoying my meal here; the ambiance is so nice; the chips and salsa are decent and they've got Negro Modelo on tap.
I used to come to this shop when I first moved to Scottsdale & I stopped coming for some unexplained reason. Anywho; I decided to come back and although I love their massages; the owner is not the friendliest nor the most customer-oriented. My toe polish usually last a good 2-3 weeks without chipping. I noticed that 1 by 1 it would literally just peel off by day 3. At first I thought it was just me so I've gone back a few more times. When it happened again & again; I finally brought it up to the owner's attention and even though she had it fixed free of charge; her body language & tone just said it all. Then the whole crew just started choppin' it up in Vietnamese which made me feel uncomfortable. You know that feeling when you know they're talking about you negatively and then give you a fake have nice day; good bye look. So; to say the least; I won't be going back ever!
Living Arizona I have seriously dropped my expectations for customer service; but when I walked in to the store; found it empty other than the 6 sales people; I was stoked. I figured that would be one decent hard worker in the group......wrong. Five were standing around chatting and giggling. The other seemed to be walking our way; made eye contact; I smiled and she went the other way. WTF? I was in shock. I was there to look for a wedding dress and was leary about buying off the rack in the first place. We didn't leave right away; after a few minutes the heard of gigglers broke up. A couple came our way; but didn't even acknowledge that we were even there. I made a comment about horrible customer service so that one girl could hear me; she walked off. Seriously? I had a bad experience taking my daughter in law here; but thought that maybe they improved. ........wrong! Do not go here; people like this do not deserve jobs; much less your money. I wrote to corporate this time. We'll see if that does any good
My friend and I went for the Margaritas. It was nice that our server was so knowledgable in Tequila that he opened our minds to try something new.  We ordered food and we definitely could have shared. The portions are worth every penny. We had such a great time we went back the next night.
To be honest... I have no idea what these low reviewers got when they came here because I received 5-star all around. After I left I actually felt bad for not leaving more of a tip - it was that good.I didn't expect much but the food came out lightning fast and it was very good. The service was amazing with the fella working came out to see how we were doing and even offered to put the unfinished ice-cream (that the kid didn't eat) back in the freezer while we ate.
I haven't been to Z-Tejas' restaurant for years. My wife loves the restaurant and I must have had a bad experience at the one in Tempe. I don't remember the reason; but I've always bypass them. SInce it was three days before Christmas and it was my turn to choose a restaurant; I chose Z-Tejas because we had to return an item to Macy's. Our server; Crystal; was very polite and keep our glasses full; even checking on us every now and then to see that we were enjoying our meal. We thought about happy hour; but decided on the full menu. I had the Pepita Crusted Chicken and my wife had the Chicken Enchilada with Black Beans and no rice. My entree looked very appetizing with cilantro pesto chicken breast sliced in half and ayered with sweet potato hash; spinach; artichokes and mushrooms; served with roasted poblano sauce.  There was too many chopped carrots surrounding the entry  to give it color. But it was tasty. My wife's entree was also delicious and there was a lot of black beans which covered half of the plate.We ended the course with the Multi-berry cobbler served in a cast-iron skillet. It was really sweet and the ice cream helped by cutting the sweetness of the dessert.Now the question is will I go back. I will; but not in the near future.
My favorite place in my neighborhood.  I could eat here every night.  Why?The food is pretty good and I've never been disappointed yet.  The appetizers are especially well done; and my favorites are happy hour specials as well.  The drinks are dependable and tasty!  What really sells this place though; is the service.  Fantastic servers.  Every time I've been here (six times now) I've had a different server; and every time the server has been fast; friendly; a total pro.  The best service I've had at a restaurant here in Phoenix.If you go here; you've got to sit on the patio.  It's fun to hang in the bar and look up at the movie; or sit in the room near the bathrooms surrounded by mugs and cool mirrors; but the patio is where it's at.  Great lighting; a fire; chill atmosphere as the trains go by; good food; solid drinks; good happy hour deals... yep.
Too bad there's no ZERO stars. This place is absolutely disgusting. I wouldn't eat here again if I was starving.
I know this recently changed it's name from Upper Deck to Blitz - I have yet to visit the new venue though I've heard it remains about the same. This is a good place to watch the game and drink a beer.
I travel on a regular basis and have seen the best and the worst airports. I have not exactly seen it all; but enough; and Sky Harbor ranks in the top ten in my book. It is international yet has a small feel to it; meaning it is easy to get around in; and has quick security lines most all of the time in my experience. After reading some of the other reviews; I feel like I need to say that I have never had to connect here; so that is not a part of this review.
Highly recommended... Great service.. Reasonable price.. Buffet selection is perfect.. Will definitely coming back..
Nice covered patio; very small bar inside. Decent beer selection.We came here for a pre ballet drink on Sun. The service at their tiny bar was good; cant speak for the food as we didnt eat. Seemed like a relaxing little spot in the middle of the city.
We've gone here quite a few times and every time its great! My hubby loves the beer and we always get burgers because they're just that good. Prices are moderate; roughly $11.00 per person for food; throw in a few more dollars for a beer. It can be pretty loud on a weekend night but hey; its not only a bar; its brewery! Atmosphere is fun and service is always friendly.
Great pizza at a great price. Who needs Papa Johns????
The Tempe location got a nice bit of redoing and is now a lot bigger; but the southern half of the place is still hilariously and charmingly small. I love sitting so close to the cooks.Tip: they half bake pasties for the next day late at night; so if you order one then it's noticeably different. The super fresh 11pm cajun pasty I got after (during?) my bachelor party may be the most delicious thing I've eaten. The bar's got wonderfully cheap car bombs; and they leave a nice note on the receipt when you get one.
Herb Box is always delicious and meow; I can add a delicious breakfast experience to my repertoire! While in DC Ranch during the breakfast hour; I was happy to learn that the DC Ranch Herb Box location serves breakfast on both Saturday and Sunday (not just Sunday like the Old Town location). I ordered the breakfast burrito with egg whites and avocado. The meal was fresh and filling but not overly heavy. The environment is casual but classy and perfect for any type of diner; whether it be a family or friends. When the weather's nice; they have the perfect patio where you can enjoy a Mimosa with your meal!
Great for brunch; lunch or dinner if you want great homemade (not homestyle but homemade) everything. And huge portions of most anything you'd want. Cant wait to make my way back to Phoenix for some TJ's.
I am going to have to say; I just do not know what all the fuss is about with this place.I have been here a few times or more over many years.The service is good however; The food is just not that fabulous!I think that they think if they get people to drink a lot;with their cheap Margaritas they will not notice the bland tatse. I have given it many trys but; I just cannot do better than a 3 star for them. They are a good location right on the corner; and they always seem to be busy. They have been there for as long as I can remember as well.Just not loving the food here.
The store recently got upgraded which is nice.  They have good selection; nothing to exotic but more then their local competitor.  At first I was against self checkout but now I like it.  Regular lines are usually slow; I don't like to chit chat and no one sees what I'm buying and I can be in and out in no time.  They also have a chase bank in their which I've used on a few instances.  All in all not bad.  I wish they would carry more organic stuff.
There is nothing I don't like about St. Francis. It makes me feel good all over and is one of the only restaurants I'd actually refer to as sexy. A chic and cozy interior; fantastic music rotation and lovely beverage choices all of which provide for a dark and steamy evening out whether it's with the girls or on a date.The food is quite something. As much as I restrain myself at the average eating establishment when it comes to bread; St. Francis is different. To not eat the bread and olive oil is to deny yourself a mouthful of fluffy pleasure only found on the other side of the Atlantic. The flatbreads are scrumptious and don't even get me started on those fingerling potatoes. They crunch to perfection and hardly need the dipping sauces that accompany.To be honest; I've never been impressed with the service. But I'm still giving them 5 stars. Their happy hour is one of the best in Phoenix and they have enough going on for them that as long as the mediocre service isn't disrupting my enjoyment of a glass of wine; then we're good.
I came in at 9:30 am with my 4 months ols retriver. We played in the big boys park. There were something like 15 dogs at that time all dog and owner are really friendly. The park is big enough and have an obsticle course in it. Onlt flae is the water fountain that was dirty and barly gave water out. Other than that great park.
One drawback of being located in a bowling alley and being constrained to add bowling-alley food to your menu is that you're bound to have a customer that orders bowling-alley fare (which is never anything to rave about) and writes a review bashing the restaurant based on that - which is what one reviewer did. If you are going to try a Oaxacan restaurant; try the Oaxacan food; for cryin' out loud!You won't go to this restaurant for ambiance; although it does have a charm of its own; in a kitschy sort of way. But the food - wow; this definitely ain't one of the 'berto restaurants that litter the Valley landscape! Come here for the amazing tlayuda with cecina and tasajo (beware - it's a big portion; you might have to share) or the savory chilaquiles or memelitas. Perhaps pumpkin-blossom empanadas or verdolagas (purselane greens cooked with pork)? Decisions; mouth-watering decisions. On a cold day; have a cup of piping-hot atole. Or if it's a cold beverage you want. try the chlacayota; it's a refreshing drink made from a sweetened infusion of the chilacayota squash. It's not fast food and you may have to wait a bit as they cook your order but it's definitely worth the wait. And it certainly doesn't hurt that the prices are friendly to those who are on a limited budget.
14 years in the same location...  I have lived in Ahwatukee longer than that  and I shamefully say that this was my first time at the restaurant.  What was I thinking.  Great food; defintely family owned.   Will be back!
I've been here for lunch twice.  I'll be back!For some reason; and I have NO CLUE why; there aren't many great options for asian buffets here in Scottsdale.  This place works for me.  Great variety; traditional dishes; very well done.  They keep the food freshly rotated and will toss out the food that has been sitting.They have a lot of sushi options as well.  I LOVE sushi; but can't bring myself to eat buffet sushi.  Though it looks great; I just need my sushi to be freshly made to order; so I will hit Stingray or Geisha for my sushi fix.  But that's just me.  Definitely don't let me stop you from trying it.It's kind of pricy; but it's worth it.  Usually when a buffet charges more; it helps keep the riffraff out of the restaurant; which helps make the experience even better.  No one wants to sit down for a meal only to look across the aisle at Honey BooBoo.  Try this place!
My hubby and I have driven by this place for over a year! We finally moseyed our way on over to this spot. What took us so long? Oh my gosh! We should have come here earlier. This is a spot with modern decor; a simple menu; and fresh flavors. How can you not love a spot with quotes on the wall like this one?It may be the cock that crows; but it is the hen that lays the eggs. Margaret ThatcherHeck yeah! They had a hen in the back droppin' some bomb eggs on our plates and they were oh so tasty.For our first time visit we decided to try the Veggie Lovers Scramble. We loved the Veggie Lovers Scramble. The Veggie Lovers Scramble includes eggs scrambled with bell peppers; sun dried tomatos; and cheese. The eggs are served with rosemary potatoes and four slices of some freakin' tasty toast. Did I already say tasty? Sure did; and I'll say it again. This food was flippin' tastay!!!While enjoyin' our tasty food; we found ourselves next to someone else who was also a first time visitor. He was throwin' down on some biscuits and gravy. He said that he hadn't had biscuits and gravy since the 70's; and he felt like he was right at home when he ate from his plate. Any food that transports you back to you childhood is alright with me. Remember that flashback moment that the critic had in Ratatouille? I think our new neighbor at Scramble was having a similar experience.Portions were a nice size; and the staff was friendly. This is a nice brunch spot. We're more than likely eating brunch there tomorrow. Get there early if you are going on the weekend; this spot is usually packed.
These guys are solid.   Straight advice and service.   Always feel like I was treated fairly and received good service.   They also are a good place to buy your winter rye grass seed.
I came here with my Book Club and we sat on the patio. Our service was great and the drinks were delicious! I had the veggie enchiladas and loved them so much that I have been back twice to try them again! Next on the menu to try is the 5 degree tequila!
The very best breakfast in town. VERY big portion and the atmosphere is great; farmhouse kitchen table. Five stars for every aspect of my first trip there. I promise you will not regret it. If you go on the weekend you will wait in line to get in; but they have a patio that you might get in faster if you are willing to sit outside. When you write your name on the list put next to is Patio and you will get seated faster.
Love this place....
What a wonderful store. The gentleman that was there was SUPER friendly and nice. The selection sure is Eclectic and I loved it. My budget is almost nothing; but there were several pieces that I would purchase if i had the need for them. The prices were great! Rival some of the home stores. Great local business!
Ahh; heaven! Cinnamon graham yogurt with peppermint chips! If this chain was in MPLS I would be in trouble...
We used to do Pei Wei at least twice a month for take out. The food was always excellent. We haven't ordered from there in a couple years. My son and I went there for dinner last night. The service was pathetic.I ordered a chicken salad; the chicken had no taste; it was a poor quality; they bathed the salad in a sweet sauce. The worst part was both my son and I were sick for the next 12 hours. Pei Wei will not make it back on to our take out list. Management this location needs help
Great place to hang out and watch sports! Did I mention that the food is fantastic? Pizza and Calzones like my best friend Vito makes back in NY. I see some of the other comments about the lousy food or service and don't get it.  I have been many times since moving here last summer and have not encountered an issue with staff or food. Just watched UFC 155 this past weekend and our server was great & hot as hell (Allisha) even though it was busy as hell. 32 oz. drafts for $5? all night long...are you kidding me?? I will be back this weekend for the playoffs for sure.
In this store; Hoa is perfect in doing jeans. Take your jeans to this store and ask for Hoa to do it. You'll love it for sure.
So glad I found this place on Yelp. I've passed it for years unaware it was there. Had Chicago burger; it was amazing!  Cheese curds were great! Yes; salty.. but that is how they should be. I'll absolutely be back!
I have required PT for my right knee; left knee and back. I have osteoarthritis and had a torn  meniscus(my recent surgery). I have received EXCELLENT care each time I have had to go for PT.  I am convinced that Patrick and his staff are miracle workers. They are very thorough ; very caring and very patient.  These are truly helpful people; God Bless Them.  This staff gives of themselves and they do what they must in order to make me more independent; well balanced and pain free.  I am VERY grateful to them( Patrick; Josh and John {the latter person was there for 8 weeks only}  and recommend them without any hesitation or doubt . This is a top notch place !!!
We love the Desert Botanical Gardens and always enjoy our visits .It's holiday time and so we went to see the Luminarias ....Breathtakingly beautiful ! To take an enchanting stroll amid the Luminarias really made us feel surrounded by the spirit of the season ;further fueled by warm cider and raspberry vodka ;the play of light on everything is spectacular ...nature framed by an ethereal glow .It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas ....
Love this store; Love this store; Love this store!!!!  It is soooooo amazing!  All of their spices are gluten free except for some of their baking stuff and the staff can tell you if you need to know!The choice is amazing.  Who knew there were so many different types of Chili's or Marjoram's or Oregano?  And season mixes?  Some are fantastic and some just stinky....but there is something for everywhere here in this store which is so clean you coud literally eat off the ground!Did I mention the staff is very helpful but they don't hover.  I only wish they had some coffee beans because after about the fifth spice I don't know if I can really smell the next one really well.  Go; smell; buy!  You can spend just a little bit or you can really go crazy here so be careful!  Oh; and if you like really good chip dip?  Get the spice mix and add it to some sour cream!  It's divine!!!  AND gluten free!  Oh; yeah!
Since my usual habit is to see movies after work; during the last moments of matinee pricing; the advent of theaters-that-serve-real-dinner is extremely welcome.After years of paying $7 for a small popcorn; I expected real-food prices to be airport-exorbitant... but the dinner menu pricing is roughly comparable to what the same food would cost at a regular restaurant in the neighborhood; possibly even a bit less; since the BIltmore area is muy expensivo. Seating in the Cinema Suites puts your meal on a generous arm rest; rather than on a table in front of you (as at Studio Movie Grill). I like this set-up a little better for keeping things out of my way when I'm done eating; depending on your need to cut food; you may disagree. Seats are sharply terraced; so one's view is not blocked by servers working the rows in front.The menu is less basic pub food and more chi-chi Biltmore grill than at Studio Movie Grill; though it still sensibly emphasizes food that can be eaten in the dark without undue complications. I've had some sort of panini that was apparently enjoyable but not memorable (with sweet-potato fries; as I think serving sweet-potato fries is required by law in that neighborhood) and then; on another occasion; a lobster pizza that was fabulous. If you can find something to order that strikes you as faintly silly and you wouldn't order it elsewhere; but the price is okay here; that's probably the way to go.Make sure to validate your parking at the front desk; as the complicated and annoying parking garage otherwise charges rather a lot. Fortunately; I have not yet learned this the hard way.
What a gem! This is legit Chicago style! It brought me back to my childhood. We were thrilled to see Panzarotti on the menu. We haven't seen that since we lived on the south side. We ordered a sausage panzarotti and a stuffed sausage pizza. Positively delicious! The sausage here is top notch. Best I've had outside Chicago. We have some places in Vegas that do stuffed right; but their sausage doesn't compare. Little Sicily will be a must whenever we're in town.We went back on Sunday anxious to try the thin crust; but they were closed. We were heartbroken. Can't wait to return in spring to check it out.
I was in town and found Bel View Barber Shop on Yelp. This is a solid barbershop! I'm very particular about where I get my hair cut and was hesitant at first but was very pleased with the service and attention to detail. Ask for David; the owner. He's been there over 13 years and values the art of an old fashioned barbershop and scissor cut.  The price for a haircut is $14. Other places charge twice as much for the same service and lack the character and originality of a family owned and traditional barbershop. A regular haircut up the street at Groom Room at the Biltmore Fashion Park will cost you over $30. Keep it real and pay David a visit.
So; I had Schnitzel Cordon Bleu With Home Fried Potatoes and Sauerkraut. So let me say this first I been here a few times the first time was amazing the last 3 times I been was not impressed at all not sure if they changed chefs but It's been going down hill. It's still was good don't get me wrong but nothing great.
Why I haven't written a review for Windsor earlier I'm not sure as I've been going there since it first opened but it's a good one so I guess better late than never!The owners of Postino just can't go wrong I'm convinced. I'm a long time fan of both locations and was super excited when they opened up Windsor as they have a full bar and different; numerous options for food. Let's start with the interior; love it. Modern with some natural elements; very laid back with an awesome patio that I've actually yet to sit on as I'm usually at the bar or one of the comfy booths as soon as you walk in.The staff is always on point and friendly without being too in your face which I really love being that I am a server and I don't really need the follow up every 4 minutes. I most recently sat at the bar solo on Wednesday or Thursday and I didn't get the bartender's name but he was really nice without being overbearing. Food wise? Omnomnom is all I have to say. No; the Backyard burger is awesome. I've only gotten it Classic style but it's delicious! The meat is flavorful and the portion is generous to say the least. I'm also a big fan of their fondue and the Brown Bag (??) Chicken sandwich. Everything tastes fresh and you can't go wrong with Churn next door for the dessert...best Butter Pecan I've ever had.This area has some solid restaurants and Windsor is no different. Definitely a great spot for lunch during the day or a date at night. Check it out!
This Walgreens gets 4 Stars from me for being open on Christmas Day.  I needed to grab some Candy; cards; and a few other items.  The Basha's next door was closed; but this place saved me.Besides that; it's convenient and dependable.  Plenty of parking always available.Return Factor - 92%
This theater is my theater of choice. I always try to come to this one over the gateway 18. It's quiet and the crowd is older so usually there's no texting during the movie. The location is great; they have nice places to eat and shop around. Like all Harkins it has:1. Loyalty Cups ($1 refills)2. Loyalty T-shirts (Free popcorn)3. Military DiscountIf you live within the area; I would highly recommend this theater over gateway 18 and arrowhead 18.
Great and super helpful service gets this place an ok in my book.. I said no thanks to chips and they explained that i get them any way; kudos!
This is just a gorgeous store with lovely furniture and linens. The style is Pottery Barn with a funky; ethnic twist. Sort of like an upscale Pier One. I found a ton of stuff I would love to have in my bedroom but unfortunately we were there on a mission: to find some new bath accessories. Sadly; their bath sectiotn is very; very small but after I saw how nice their stuff was I did peruse the website at home a few days later and found lots of gorgeous options online!
The lot is entirely covered; big; and clean; and the spots aren't too tight. I feel like my car is safe with Parking Spot. I like that the vans stand out against all the white minibus shuttles. But because their lots is so big; the vans are slow to pick you up and drop you off. For full disclosure I will admit that I don't use The Parking Spot even though they are a 4-star joint; because I am a cheapskate. I let my car get hot while I'm not around and park at a cheaper; uncovered; shadier lot.
It was a lot better. Food and service have declined over the years. Still one of the best Irish pubs in terms of atmosphere... but don't expect much more than that. I can't even bring coworkers from out of town there anymore...
After several negative experiences; I was given several free lunch passes to Zoes; so I figured; what the hey? Might as well enjoy a free meal and see if there have been improvements made. I called and placed a to-go order; which was the same item I always get; the tuna salad sampler. When you call Zoes; they have your phone number in their computer; which tells the person answering what you typically order. So I go into the restaurant; impressed by the new look of Zoes. The floors and tables were clean (Awesome!) and they have new furniture; which has created a warmer feeling in the dining room. The girl who took my order and cashed me out was pleasant and very excited about my free lunch coupon. She was endearing. I left the restaurant with a smile on my face! I get back to work and open the box and...it was the wrong menu item. SNAP. I was so excited. I call back and let them know I was returning to get the correct menu item. When I returned to Zoes; the women who I believe to be the manager; barely grunted at me while handing me my food. No sorry; no please excuse the inconvenience; no nothing. So; A-OK.
We love this place in our home. We pick up cochitos; fruit filled empanadas; and tortillas every few weeks to have at home. Unfortunately it is a new year and that will have to stop because you can get pretty fat if you eat too many cochitos. You will literally turn into one! The pastries make for a delicious breakfast with some coffee. Or a midnight snack when you can't wait till morning to steal that last one...The tortillas are really very good also! Gorditas; almost. Not quite as fluffy. Delicious flavor; and last quite a while in the fridge. Mmmm my son loves having these tortillas at home; almost every day he will walk in the door and ask mom; can I have a tortilla with butter? and as long as we have them; I oblige. Takes me back to my childhood when my nanita would be standing at the comal making her own and my cousins and I would eat them like that; with butter; almost faster than she could make them! Thank you for the heavy dose of nostalgia; La Purisima Bakery! You have many fans in our household.
Gourmet burgers; very well prepared. Too many to describe. The ambiance is seriously lacking. But the burgers more than make up for it.
As far a pizza goes I have to say that LGO's pizza is just okay. I love; love; and I mean love pizza. I would eat it every day. Cold for breakfast even. But the pies I have had here definitely left something to be desired. I love the toppings and the interesting flavours but I am sill waiting for that wow factor that makes me want to have this pizza again and again. (** I do love that they will halve the specialty pizzas for you with no qualm. You can try two pies in one visit.)There are a few pies on my need to try that list. So I will be back. Plus I really want to try the burgers and the wings. I'd say at the least two more trips in the near future; of my own will. Maybe more if someone else chooses to invite. I love the chandelier in the dining area and the TV over the long bar. This place has a nice rustic feel in with the concrete bar top and the rich dark wood tables. A few larger tables for a bigger party but most of the tables seat four. Or two if you're by the window. If you do not like crowds or tight spots this is not the place for you. You order your pizza on the grocery side and there are always a ton of people in this itty bitty space. The menus are near the register when they should be near the doors. But there is usually a kind staff member to ask if you need one. All in all... It is something I say you should try once. Especially if you love toying new places and love you some pizzas.
There is a reason this place has so many positive reviews on Yelp.  Go here.  A tad expensive for a coin laundry; but worth it.  Prking is in the back.  We searched Yelp high and low for a laundromat and this is the only one we found that is actually open and has business information listed on Yelp!  Other than several in Tempe; but that was far; far for us to drive.
swag mall plus zinburger is awesome
The deals are magnificent... IF you get there early and really spend the time digging; searching and inspecting items!SHOES:The selection is fantastic. When I went; there was an extra 30-35% off sale on all shoes (I believe the larger sizes were an additional 75% off - size 10+ - great value if you wear this size).All the shoes have two light indents on the soles to prevent returns. You also need to thoroughly inspect the shoes to make sure they are new and in good condition. As other reviewers mentioned; there are some shoes that are dirty; obviously worn; etc.There are some hardcore shoppers here who will stalk your stockpile after you've spent the time looking for the goodies (just a little annoying).(1) Stuart Weitzman Flats - paid ~$30 ($350 in stores)(2) Hunter Rainboots (Green) - paid ~$30 ($135 in stores)(3) Jessica Simpson Nude Pumps - paid $12(4) Nine West Black Pumps - paid $12(5) Me Too Flats - paid $12(6) Ivanka Trump Wedges - paid $9(7) Camel Boots - paid $20HANGBAGS:Many of the handbags have some type of defect (e.g. broken straps; missing pieces; etc.) However; if you get there early when the stock is full; you can pick up some great deals.(1) Tory Burch 'Penelope' Envelope Crossbody Bag for $80 ($475 in stores). It was missing the strap; but I wear it as a clutch.(2) Rebecca Minkoff Mini M.A.C. in pale yellow with no visible defects for $80 ($195 in stores).CLOTHES:I found this section to be too overwhelming. Lots of basic looking sweaters for a great deal right now. Selection wasn't anything special.Coats and jackets were either dirty or outdated.Overall; great value. Worth going when you're in the mood to shop.
After being told by the dealership that 2nd gear synchros were gone in my cars transmission I've been driving from 1st gear to 3rd gear for over a year. I casually mentioned this to Dave this morning when I brought the car in for an oil change. He said he would look into it and maybe put a little Lucas Oil additive in it. I'm very pleased to report that this transmission which hadn't functioned correctly in over a year is shifting flawlessly now and I was only charged $4 dollars for some Lucas Oil you are a good man Dave Calvert; thank you for your honesty; your professional service; and your outstanding Buckeye Crew!
I ordered the Texas Moo Shroom Po Boy and it was delicious. Portabella; caramelized onions; red peppers and espresso bbq sauce? UNF. Seriously though; that sauce was amazing. The thyme fries were perfectly seasoned and not at all greasy. They were a little thin and stick-like for my preference but I still ate all of them! That's the only reason I gave the place four stars instead of five. I had no complaints about the staff and my order was brought to my table in no time. I'll definitely be returning to Green!
Been here twice.. I LOVE IT.  We ordered the Papa K which was excellent.. the ham and cheese.. so savory; every bite i took in super slow.  I ordered it with a fried egg on top; which i recommend.Also got the Turkey crepe which was even better! Flavors so good you don't want to spoil them with any kind of hot sauce or even salt and pepper!Also their latte art is really good and cute =)
With one of our dogs needing metronomic chemotherapy; our oncologist made arrangements with Diamondback Drugs to follow through with that prescription. Given that Diamondback is in Arizona and I live in Seattle; WA; I was a little skeptical of the situation. I had nothing to worry about. Every time I have completed Diamondback's easy-to-use online prescription refill form; I have received emailed confirmation of my order as well as a follow-up message when the product shipped. I especially appreciated being notified of the company's drug shipment days - the Arizona heat can sometimes complicate delivery with temperature-sensitive medications - so I knew what to expect. Drugs were always sent in a styrofoam container to protect my dog's expensive medication. While I would prefer a more environmentally friendly way of product delivery; I was given flexibility to order more than one month at a time; which eased my concern for sustainability at least a little bit.I'm extremely happy with Diamondback Drugs; both in terms of customer service as well as the company's final product.
I work up the street from this new location and had been waiting for an chance to try it. Wow; what a pleasant change of pace. Delicious; spicy breading. The fish will become a weekly staple for me. Next week I will try the shrimp and the corn nuggets. If they are anywhere close to the greatness of the chicken and fish I will have a difficult time deciding without over-ordering. The best fried chicken around this area!
Came here for Christmas dinner with my mother. Big mistake. 7 o'clock and they were packed! I couldn't believe it. We waited 20 mins for a table (which we didn't mind; we were in no rush). After getting our drinks; we ordered some guacamole and chips as our appetizer. We waited and waited; finally; like 20 minutes later watery guacamole (it looked like pea soup) and the WORST tortilla chips came out. The chips were so stale we couldn't finish our one bite they were also soaked in grease. We spit it out and told our waitress. She brought us new chips that were not much better; but edible. We kept the soupy guac; as we hated to complain...they were so busy we just blew that off. I got the bruschetta chicken pasta but asked for shrimp instead of chicken. I don't do dairy; so asked for no cheese. Waitress said no problem. Mom got a ribeye steak and shrimp with sweet potato fries. The food came after 35 minutes. My pasta with extra cheese. Ugh...and 4 of the rawest shrimp sitting on top. Sent it back because I can't eat cheese. Waitress brought a new one without cheese. I like my shrimp well done; or at least cooked to a healthy and safe temp. She brought the new pasta; it was ice cold. Then she took back the shrimp and left the pasta! So the cold pasta was left to get even colder while they fixed the shrimp. Then when she brought the shrimp they had to microwave my dinner to get it hot again...resulting in it being dryer than dry. Ekkk. Moms steak was served in a pool of butter and grease. Literally. She used all the napkins at the table to sop it all up. Some of her fries were wet and mushy from the butter. And the shrimp was missing from her plate! After asking several times they finally brought it. Nothing special. Just shrimp. We used a coupon buy one get on free. They charged us 6$ for my four raw shrimp. It was ridiculous. Yes; it was Christmas; but really? This experience should have been better. Even for Christmas night. I don't think we will be back.
I've bought Wei's chocolates a couple of times at the farmers' market downtown.  They are definitely tasty--I liked their chai- and chili-flavored ones--but really expensive ($30 for a bag of 24 pieces).  Their homeopathy aspect of their chocolates is also a bit hard to swallow.  From their website:  thanks to the principle of physics called sympathetic resonance; we can benefit from the frequencies of flowers. ... we partnered with Lotus Wei to bring you vibrationally enhanced chocolate.  ... Uhhhh... OK ...  sure...
Great place with even better people. I stopped by one day; took a tour of the small petting zoo and looked around the store. The owner was the nicest guy and talked to me for half an hour like we'd been friends our entire lives. I love the butter and ice cream!
Probably the best salsa I've ever had has been right here. Consistent; hearty and very flavorful. Love the mariachi when he's there...and Tammy is the best server EVER. The food here is authentic and robustly flavored. Most dishes; I've noticed; are notably spicier than other Mexican places I've been to. The spinach enchiladas with fundido sauce are incredible....the Margaritas; super yummy and never watered down.This place is a MUST when we're in town. Love it; love it; love it.
nem nuong cuon and mi dac biet.. order those; and be happy.nem nuong cuon: is a spring roll with grilled pork; one of my favs that they do an excellent job of preparing here; make sure you ask for the sauce.mi dac biet: an egg noodle soup with all the fixin's amazingalso try the vietnamese iced coffee.. it will not disappoint
If you like Chili's and TGIFridays but wish they were just a little more adult; you'll love  this place. They have all sorts of extreme appetizers and signature cocktails and so on.There is a huge tap selection. However; a lot of them are occupied by BudMillerCoors or psuedo-craft brews like Newcastle; Blue Moon; and their ilk. They do have some very good beers; but the huge tap count is just not needed. The food delivers exactly what it promises. It's very rich and most things seem to be fresh. Prices are okay and their happy hour is pretty good. The service was good on my first visit and very bad on my second; so I don't know what to say about that.I should admit that I just don't like going to Tempe Marketplace. If I have a friend who really likes this place and wants to meet up here; I won't say no. I'd just rather go to Taste of Tops; Papago Brewing; Four Peaks; or about a half a dozen other places.
I only come here in the most dire of circumstances. This location is dirty and outdated. The checkout people are slow. Even when my husband goes out for groceries I tell him not to go to Albertson's; but to Fry's instead.
So not very different from its sister store in central Phoenix;Compared to Last Chance; this place's selection is mind numbingly huge.  The problem comes when you try to find something you want.  While at Last Chance; you need to be wary of holes; stains and wear;  here you simply must find a style you like.  Some items appear to have stayed on the shelves since the 90's; as noted in my pictures.  Of course; I can't forget to mention the turtle neck section; an absolute must have in summer; where it can never be too hot.  Not to be critical; you can find some gold here; albeit after looking for 30 to 60 minutes.  The other deal is that it is not at a giveaway price.  If you are willing to spend some money for well priced items; you will definitely leave a winner.  If you need some work clothes and not on a shoe string budget; you can score huge here.  Otherwise it is not advised to bring high expectations.
I have been here twice now; and the service was great both times.Just had some of their cookies & mint and their butter pecan ice creams....YUM! They were absolutely delicious. You can tell that the ice creams were homemade.The first time I went; I just got a rice krispy treat. It was a bit disappointing; as it was somewhat hard (I like them soft and gooey!). But; it was the end of the day; so they may have been made much earlier. This is the only reason why I knocked it down from 5 to 4 stars.
Excellent green chili with meat chunks.  Tortilla chips are light and fresh.  Appears to be operated by a family who care about your experience.  Classic neighborhood Mexican cafe.
I love; Love; LOVE this place. Good job to the Baker's Daughter!
Their food is mediocre at best but ridiculously overpriced.The waiter will keep interrupting your conversation which is reallyannoying.
After dining in this ethnic restaurant; I seriously want to visit Cambodia. I read some information about this country in books which were on our dining table. We ordered their basil seed drink everyone is yelping about :); iced espresso w/condensed milk; Shrimp Ling; Che Kreung chicken/lemongrass stir fry; and tapioca pudding. Everything was freshmade with love. Will come to dine again to try their other dishes!
I'm torn about this location. I want to like it. I really; really do. But it seems that every other time I go in to Taps; I have a really bad experience.The food is okay. I love food and I'm able to find quite a few things on the menu that I want to eat. And I really love their beer battered fries in their smokey cheddar cheese sauce. They rock. However; the price of the food is about $2 more than I'd like to pay for that style of food. It's nothing special; so I'm surprised about the special prices.Additionally; the service leaves a lot to be desired. One time I had good service there. The other times I was ignored by bartenders and servers alike; even though they were all standing behind the bar chatting; with no other customers in the restaurant. The last time I went to this restaurant; I saw two bartenders and a server behind the bar; two other servers working the outside patio; and one server working the main floor indoors. And since I was sitting indoors; this meant I got no service for 7 minutes while I was told to grab a seat wherever [I'd] like. And then when the server did arrive; she just dropped off menus and walked away; without taking my drink order. We got up and left soon after that. I wonder if they even noticed we were gone. Each server seems to have an attitude problem as well; which doesn't bode well for quality service; and it definitely won't get them a quality tip.Also; the vibe is seriously weird. It conflicts with itself in too many ways. The name Taps seems to portray a beer bar; probably with many craft beers on tap; right? Wrong. They've got about 12 or so. They also have a bizarre wine bar area in the back; which people can rent out  for wine tasting parties. But their wine selection isn't that good. Also; wine doesn't flow from a tap; so I'm not sure how that all fits in. Their waitresses wear awful tennis-style uniforms with their bottoms and their tops hanging out; which would almost make sense in a sports bar. However; this place isn't set up like a sports bar in the slightest. They also sometimes have live musicians play on weekends; which is a nice thought; but the set up is so acoustically-challenged that the music is much too loud and diners can't enjoy their meals with their meal companions.All in all; I can't imagine that I'll be going back to this bar again. There are too many things about it that give me the creeps; including the fact that the owner is a slimeball who pats people on the butts and walks around without shoes on. Seriously.
I always go to Harkins to watch movies. This theater is the closest to where I live. The theater is good and I watch movies here if it's during the day. I do not go here at night; because it becomes a teenager hangout and teens are loud; have no manners; and text all through the movie.I wrote about this to Harkins customer service. I told them about a theater I use to go to called the Alamo draft house in Austin; TX. Where if you were loud or texting during the movie they would throw you out. I never got a reply; so I assume there is no policy against it.Overall it's a good place for a movie; good service; nice seats; nice screen; just don't go at night.
I wasn't a big fan of my seat location. I was in the B section of row 26 on the Main Floor. The music was a bit dim sounding from back there. Also; because there isn't a steep decline descending to the stage; you're forced to watch through a thicket of heads. If you're contemplating buying Main Floor tickets; I wouldn't bother with anything above row 14.All that being said; Symphony Hall really is very beautiful--both in the hall and the lobby areas. I saw the Nutcracker here recently; and the quality of the production was great. The sets; music; and dancing were all top notch. I'd like to return for more productions.
Magic happens when you open the door of endless possibilities at Virginia House as though something lead you here where you are supposed to be.  Natalie guided us through the wedding process with such ease that I felt as though I should be doing more but instead I got to enjoy the process.  Every bride has a different journey and needs but I must say there is no better place to be in going through that path than with someone who has a passion for the business of love.   It was important that my groom and I share our uniqueness with our friends and family but it had to be on a budget.  Our friends and family never knew it was a budget wedding.  Instead we got nothing but compliments about how amazing it was even by the harshest critic.  The whole night was like a dream that I will relive in my thoughts for years to come.
These folks are resting on their laurels. Or....perhaps I am spoiled by so many good Mexican food restaurants in West Texas. Nothing seemed that fresh or tasty. Spouse Dale says he liked his tortilla soup but could only choke down one of his mini-tacos. My combo plate had a taco with carbonized (literally) beef-like strands; no discernible enchilada and a dry litttle tamale. Yep; we're spoiled. OK magaritas.
The service level of Nordstrom's never ceases to amaze me. On a recent visit to ladies clothes I found a really cute dress that I didn't notice until I got home had a flaw in it- brought it back...the Assistant Manager; Alex Bixler was nothing short of amazing.  She called 7 different stores while I waited to find one that was not flawed.  I would highly recommend this person to assist anyone looking for clothes.  I heard her helping others too.  She is professional; knows the lines and is honest.  I will be making sure I shop when she works and would recommend her for anyone looking for someone to assist them to ask for Alex.
A very fast drive-thru with great service. It moves fast even during rushes; despite having an awkward lot and confused under-coffee'd people trying to navigate it.
Beware of incorrect hours: I have been wanting to try White Sage for a while... I went out of my way this morning to stop at 6:40am.  They weren't open.  Open at 6 am huh?  Someone oversleep?  Get between me and coffee in the morning and I am an uphappy girl.How do coffee shops make opening at 7am?  Maybe I will come back during bankers hours.
WOWWWWWWWWSeriously; wow. We took the kids here one night when we were looking for someplace good to eat. We were going to go to America's but we used to live there; so we tried this place out instead. It's right down the road; so we were like what the hey. Firstly; the outside is so cool looking. With that big ol sugar skull thing. So artsy. I was a little nervous we'd be out of place. But then we thought... well; it's not in the nicest area; so it can't be too scenester SO glad we made that decision. So we go in with the kids and sit at a table. The seating area is very intimate; I didn't mind that. The decor is really cool; gotta love a place with a great ambiance! The server was really nice; not overly nice. He did a great job. Omg the salsa bar is amazing. We tried them all! The kids loved trying them and naming them. The cilantro salsa.... never had anything like it in my life. I had the fish tacos that were such a relief. I have had some bad fish tacos in the past so I was a little nervous. But wow. We also had a margarita. They were both strong so I got to finish my husbands. Yay for me! :) I was a little disappointed that there isn't a kid's menu. I think they should make a small taco plate for kids; and maybe an option for a small burrito with a side of beans and rice. But the kids made due just fine. My daughter had a bean and cheese burrito and my son had 2 of the carne tacos. They both loved their choices and my husband swapped a carne taco with one of my Son's fish so they got to try it all. Yum. The chips were also great and made it nice to be able to dive right in to all the salsa options. The price might be my favorite thing. All four of us ate; got drinks; and my husband and I had a margarita all for about 40 bucks including a nice tip. You really can't beat that! We will DEFINITELY be going back to La Condesa!
My wonderful Yelpy App helped my discover this place while at a conference at the PCC. Myself and four friends came here for happy hour after our conference and were not let down. We were immediately seated in the patio and greeted by a very friendly server. Since we had never been here he was very helpful in explaining the menu; happy hour options; and making recommendations. We took a little while to decide; but they were patient and accommodating. Between the four of us; we ordered The Mule; The Maid and The Fix as drinks and The House Soft Pretzels; The Artichoke Hummus; The Zucchini Fritters; and a cheese plate to split. All were delicious. However; there is a reason that the Pretzels and Fondue are mentioned in 53 reviews! If you come here for nothing else; at least try these once in your life. Each of us ended up liking the others' drink and for our second round ordered two Mules and two Maids. Our waiters knew there were four of us; yet they only brought two pieces of bread with the cheese plate. This made us all look at each other awkwardly; and we had to wait a little bit before we got more bread; but this really wasn't a huge deal in the overall experience.Yes; I switched our server from he to they; because all of a sudden it seemed like we had four different waiters. I'm not sure how they did it; but every time we needed something; any server would help us; bring us what we needed; and the other servers somehow seemed to know what the others had done. If this was just a fluke then it went over just fine; but if this is their serving concept; I recommend that they explain it when they approach the table. A lot of other reviewers have mentioned the awesome atmosphere; corner hugging location; and decor; and I must agree that this place has it all. Upon sitting; I immediately recognized the red metal chairs and asked if this was a FOX concept; because they were the exact same ones I had sat in at the newly redesigned NoRTH in Tucson. Now I see why they were trying to duplicate the look of the Phoenix location; it's pretty awesome.
Great place we discovered! I get the personal pollo pizza. Forgot the name but it has potato; chicken and is a white pizza. Amazing. And you can just go for the pretzel sticks. A lot of restaurants have these i'm finding....and these are the BEST I have found so far. The happy hour is really great and cheap and they have great wine as well. Great environment and service! Check this place out!
Well; after their remodel the place no longer smells like a toilet!And they did some other things right too.  The food - definitely stepped up at least a notch if not two. I go here for their unlimited soup/ salad combos. They have regular and premium salads(in smaller portions) which are unlimited; and you can swap and try different combos of soups and salads.($5.99 and $7.99 I believe are the prices for the regular salads vs premium salads). Premium gets your the asian salad; spinach bacon and something else. I like they added low-calorie/ more WW friendly items too which are pretty tasty. I tried their jalapeno shrimp grilled plate which was flavorful but not spicy. And I like spicy. So for all the bland people this is probably more aimed for you.  I'd put it as a 1 chilli from Arribas or the baja spicy from Macayo's... doesn't touch los dos though with a pinky though.The beer is still ice cold; and although they changed their prices recently (they were super low for their re-model/re-opening thing) they are still really good for happy hour.  There are a lot of regulars here for happy hour from what I've seen which can get loud.  Overall they've taken a step away from their old drive bar scene and brought it back to a decent place to eat and have a good time.
Great food for the money; mom and pop shop that Gilbert lacks!  This place puts big chains away!
The owners here are great and take a lot of pride in their food and make a positive impact on the community.  I dont think it's the best bbq and I dont see what the fuss is but then again; Im more of a Texas BBQ gal than the sweet KC style. I have tried their ribs and brisket a few times and it does nothing for me.  Although; I do like their pulled pork and their French Fries are really good too.
Great beer selection; friendly servers; and the food keeps getting better and better (fancy burgers; freshly made chips; sirloin tacos; yes!). Half off bottles Thursdays and half off pizzas Mondays make this place a great regular hangout. Go here when you want to hang out with friends for a chunk of evening somewhere you can actually hear each other.
The Desert Ridge Albertson's may be just a minute from my door; but when I have some major grocery shopping to get done; I drive a little farther to this Safeway.  It's a much better store; with all the Safeway standards and a friendly and helpful staff; but there are still a few things I don't dig about this place.The selection feels a bit smaller than other Safeways.  I don't know if the store is smaller; or if it's just me; but I feel that there's a lack of variety at this location.  Expiration and pull dates on many items always seem to dangerously to their deadlines.  I needed sour cream during my shop on friday; all the tubs had a sell by date of Monday.  I know that means it's still good for another week or so; but I'd be more comfortable with the food if I knew I had more time with it.  This supermarket could also benefit from upgrading to self-checkout.  Some people prefer to be serviced; I prefer to get out as fast as possible.  At least open up a few more registers.  Have you ever been stuck in the grocery store purgatory where you've waited behind that person with 100 items who's blabbing away with the cashier; then someone opens another register; but your stuff is already on the conveyor belt; so the person behind you gets to cut a head?  Yes you have; and you hate it too.
This is my favorite order in pizza.  Their sicilian is very good and comes in quite a few vegetarian options which is always a bonus.  I have eaten in the restaurant a few times since my last review and the staff are very nice and attentive.  I highly recommend it for dining in; carry-out; or delivery.Try:- Sicilian Joey's Favorite
I am so happy with Discount Tire. They have always been so nice and pleasant to work with but this time; I feel; that they went above and beyond. I had a flat tire which required a tow. I called Discount Tire at 6:15 p.m.; fifteen minutes after the closing time; and Ray answered the phone. He was very kind and reassuring and said that I could have the car towed to the lot at the store and left overnight. The car arrived before Ray had left for the day and he took the time to talk with my husband about meeting the next morning to replace the tire. The next morning; he was so helpful in finding a replacement tire which had to be sent from another Discount Tire and would take a few days. Ray made sure that the car would be put inside each night until the tire arrived. The tire arrived in a couple of days and the team at Discount Tire replaced the tire and rotated the other tires in ten minutes. Dealing with a flat is no fun but Ray and the rest of the Discount Tire staff make it relatively painless.
amazing and worth the wait!
one of the valley's top places to take a date!
Well I hate to give bad reviews but thorough ones are needed. My arrival time was 15 minutes before my check- in time which is 15 minutes or so minutes before the actual appointment time(30 minutes before my appointment) but was still not seen until and hour after my appointment time and an hour. Mind you this was a Monday morning 8am appointment and there were a lot of people there but at 8am and already an hour behind... I'm a little disappointed.The waiting area was comfortable however crowded. Lots of magazines and things to read; I saw someone bring in a laptop to work on while I was there... smart people in the world make me jealous in these situations.They took me back approximately 30  hour in to see an assistant who went over my issue/eye sight check and then headed me back to the waiting area.Dr. Ford was very knowledgeable which is why I gave the 3 star rating. He took his time (all of about 15 minutes) explaining my ailment and that it wasn't serious and would go away eventually. The office was clean; parking was ample and the office was easy to find. I don't know if I would come back unless I got the first appointment of the day.  I didn't think it would become an almost two hour endeavor which was the downside.
Food is always consistent and tastes decent. Service is kind of blah. The place is kind of dirty and this includes the appearance of the employees. Eh...but its cheap and you get what you pay for.
I love good ramen.  I fell in love with ramen at Santouka Ramen in San Diego and Los Angeles.  When I heard about Cherry Blossom I was hoping to finally have a place to go to in Phoenix that would give me my ramen fix without having to drive to California.  My wife and I visited Cherry Blossom and I was disappointed in their lack of selection for ramen.  Cherry Blossom serves asian dishes of all sorts and even Italian dishes.  It is a very odd concept to me but it all revolves around noodles.  They have five choices for ramen.  I'm used to getting pork miso ramen at other ramen houses.  Cherry Blossom didn't exactly have that. They had miso ramen with salmon slices.  I relented and got the miso ramen with salmon slices.  When I was served I was immediately encouraged by the color of the broth which was a light brown and not transparent; just as it should be.  I could tell there was less oil in this ramen broth than at Santouka.  The broth was pretty good; but a hair on the salty side.  Don't get me wrong; I expect the broth to be very high in sodium and cause me to gain several pounds of water weight; but this was saltier than I am used to.  The fish was done properly but I hadn't looked forward to that as much as the noodles.  The noodles weren't bad.  The noodles were good but not quite the quality as places I visited in California and Las Vegas.  I expected to have more vegetables and/or seaweed in the dish.  Don't get me wrong; I enjoyed my dish and it was priced appropriately at $8.60 plus tax; but it didn't wow me.  If you compare Cherry Blossom to Republic Ramen in Tempe; AZ; Cherry Blossom wins hands down.  The noodles and broth have so much going on and is far superior to Republic Ramen.       Cherry Blossom has Japanese beer on tap and good house saki.  Both were reasonably priced.  The cocktail recipes didn't appeal to me at all.  I have been to Japanese bars before and they had some complex recipes that showed allot of thought and passion for bar tending at those other places but these Cherry Blossom recipes looked uninspired and like they were written by someone that wasn't used to making cocktails professionally.         All in all; I would go to Cherry Blossom if it is near you or if you are just dying to get your ramen fix and you don't have a lot of options living in Phoenix but I prefer other ramen houses I have been to in Vegas and California much more than Cherry Blossom.
First of all I went for lunch so there wasn't any wait for us to be seated and our order taken. So I can't comment on the huge insane waits The restaurant is pretty cool and industrial with not very much seating.  I can see how it gets packed at some points.  They only have bottled Soda so no refills for which is kind of odd and a bit expensive. I guess they want to move people out.  The pizza's are a pretty good size for one hungry person or to share if you have two not so hungry people.  I got the pistachio pizza and it was pretty good.  I had never heard of one before; but I had to try it.  It wasn't anything mind blowing.  I think maybe I had built up the experience too much before I went and thought it was going to be mind blowing.  It sadly was not.  I think it's a fine pizza place which I wouldn't wait hours for.  So do yourself a favor and go when they open for lunch and judge for yourself.Try:- Pistachio Pizza
I love this place! It's nice to have something different once in a while. The paletas are so tasty... a few of my favorite flavors are arroz con leche (creamy rice flavor); naranja (orange and cream); calabaza (pumpkin); and fresa con crema (strawberries and cream). Don't forget about the pups... they sell doggie paletas called perroletas. My dogs have had both the chicken and peanut butter flavors and devoured them.Another thing I like about this place is that they always have great service. Everyone who has helped me has been super friendly.
This place has great food and great service. We got seated right away and had  our drinks brought to us; all within the first 5 minutes here. We will be coming back soon.
Hands down; this is some of the best tasting Mexican food in Phoenix. The staff is very friendly; recognizes just about all of their regulars and make you feel like family while at their restaurant. At times; the wait can be a little lengthy but it's worth the time and it allows you to enjoy more of their delicious salsa and chips. I recommend the chile relleno or red chile tamale.
Really Disappointed!  I originally went to them in 2004 and thought it was a little crazy that my first visit stated that I needed eight-ten things done.  This is when my previous dentist in DC said all was fine.  I decided to go with it.  All seemed fine; but I did need to have an extra appointment to look at things.  They would not clean on the first visit.  My only issue was that they were never on time for appointments.  After my father had a bad experience with them in 2010; I didn't go back for a while.Just today; I thought I would go back as their location was great for me.  Again; I couldn't have a cleaning the first time...but I thought I could get through that.  I showed up 15 minutes early to re-fill out paperwork.  After waiting an hour for my appointment and still didn't make it back; I just couldn't take it anymore and had to leave.  The fact that they make you sign a paper saying that you are responsible for paying for appointments not canceled within 48 hours really makes me upset when they let you sit for an hour.  I am going to look elsewhere!!!
Not too impressed. The baked beans were way too sweet as is the BBQ sauce. So-so cole slaw and dry meat.
I first started shopping at the Container Store when we lived in Houston. Back then I thought they were very overpriced but as I got older I realized that it is well worth spending money on products that make your life easier! The other reviewers have already praised their closet organization system but they also have tons of kitchen gadgets for bar and cooking.  They also have lots of little gizmos for the rest of the house that you have never heard of but as soon as you see them you realize that you absolutely need to own it! This makes it a great place to shop for stocking stuffers or small gifts for those hard to shop for friends and family. A lot of people don't realize they also have an amazing gift wrap area. You can find a box or bag to fit anything with tons of fantastic paper and ribbons.I do wish that the shipping costs on their website weren't so high. Most other retailers had free shipping for the holidays but not The Container Store. The store is about an hour away from my house so that is a pain. But at least you can order online and do in-store pickup for free so that will save you some time.
Overpriced and overrated. Bathroom situation horrible. It takes at least 10 minutes to walk to the restroom if your seated in the front room and then you gotta get real lucky scoring one of one stall bathrooms to actually do what you gotta do. Moving onto the food; there are no lunch specials available; so you must select off the high priced dinner/lunch menu. Whoever is saying that this salsa is good is clearly off their rocker. It is a watery mess with nothing in the salsa. It is more like a bowl of Frank's red Hot Sauce than a true salsa experience. Chips though were tasty and seemed homemade; but doubt it now. Our lunch choices were the Chicken Mole and one of those tortilla shell salads from the 80's. Her dish was quite standard and I heard no complaints; but my mole had some issues. Smartass waiter said this wasn't a hot item and mole typically isn't; but 1/4 of the way through; this gringo started heavy sweating. Then we have the chicken which did not seem like real chicken. Plus the dish was chicken mole enchiladads; but all they did was give me two cheese enchiladas with some nasty chicken on top and then that horrible mole sauce at a price of almost 12 bucks.    Frank and Lupe's time has come and gone. How bout remodeling your cramped front room and modernizing your bathroom facilities while your at it. Scottsdale garbage.
If I could give negative stars I would !!! Never show up here expecting help from anyone . Piss poor services and doctors ; don't trust the wait time just double what they tell you !!!! I will never come back to the place go to a hospital !!!  Front counter girls have no clue what they are doing !!!
I took my phone out while walking around. No photography in the store; hun; to which I replied that I was not. I know; sweetheart; I'm just sayin'; there's no photography in the store; honey. It's hard enough being a woman that can fix her own car stuff. Being called pet names by strange women does not help. I contacted corporate and told them that the whole experience made me feel very uncomfortable. This is where the obviously one star review turns into a five star review. The general manager was awesome in apologizing and assured me that she would receive some coaching on subtlety and proper behavior.That really makes up for it. My greatest fear was that it was a given that if you're a woman in Autozone you're going to encounter condescending employees. I really felt like he was concerned and wanted that to not be the case.Thanks for caring; AutoZone!
My husband and I went here on Christmas Eve.  I called ahead and told them we would be there at 6 PM.  We arrived at 5:55 and were told it would be about 15 minutes...After 8 min we were seated in the requested booth.  Our waitress was Sonamita...She is amazing...We were going to order two appetizers...She suggested we order the trio for less money and it had the two we were going to order anyway.After asking several questions about the menu we placed our order.   The appetizers were delivered and were wonderful.  As we were enjoying them; Sonamita came over and said she would put the order in when we were almost done with the first round.  We really appreciated that.  Our food was excellent.  The food was hot and flavorful...Sonamita checked on us often and packaged up the left overs promptly.  We are planning on returning on New Year's Eve for an early dinner with friends.  They allowed us to be put on the call ahead list.  We asked for a booth and Sonamita. In looking around at the staff it appeared that everyone was friendly and happy.  I expected to see some sad faces because they were working on Christmas Eve but that did not happen.
Phoenix finally has a juice bar!! I've been dying for something like this and now that it is finally here I can't say enough good things. Alexandra; the owner; is so knowledgeable about all things juicing and truly cares about her customers. Every time I've been in she makes recommendations based on what I'm looking for. In addition the the awesome service; I love the juice here. Not only is it fresh and flavorful; but there is such a variety that I am constantly finding myself ordering/trying something new each time I come in. Every single thing is so delicious. I am a huge fan of the quinoa salads--they come in huge portions and make for a perfect lunch when paired with a juice; and you will still have some left over for later.
So I'll mention the drink first because that's probably why you went here (or it should be).  First off; cordial responsive bartender like that of yesteryear.  I don't why this tradition has died in favor of bartenders that tend to ignore you and demand more than a dollar to pop a bottle top; but nay; that is not what MercBar offers.  I ordered my go to drink of Campari and Soda.  Kudos to knowing what Campari was because he immediately grabbed it without searching.  After this drink; I followed up with a Moscow Mule.  Again bartender did not disappoint; quickly yet methodically; indeed caringly; crafted my brew.  I was pleased how well cucumbers soften the edge of vodka.As for the ambiance; I'm a bit confused how to rate it.  The clientele seems to be superficially well off and no one was sloppy in this upscale place.  However; for the same reasons I was nauseated by investment banking; does this crowd annoy me.  Don't get me wrong; I'm as snobby and obnoxious as they come; but I like to think I'm authentic about it and I know it's a fault of mine.  I suppose what bothers me about the clientele here; is that bar conversations tend to revolve around name dropping and pronouncing why each person is more accomplished than the next.  All in all a decent show; but a tragic; sad show but I would return soooo.....4 stars?
Awesome staff; solid coffee; and great food. This has become my new place to camp out and get some work done during the day; and there is something on the menu for all three meals worth trying. The food is all local or organic; and it tends to show. Definitely better than your usual cafe fare. I like the buffalo chicken wrap or sandwich- they marinate the chicken in the buffalo sauce (I think) as opposed to merely slathering it on after the fact. The same goes for a Caesar salad with chicken. The huevos rancheros could use less tortilla strips and more beans or other filler; but the sauce with it is great (although I suspect more than a little calorie dense).The service and staff are excellent- friendly; helpful; and even interesting when you talk with them. Overall- great place.
This is a great breakfast spot with consistent quality food and service. The owners are always at the front and make you feel welcome. Eveything i have tried is good but i would say protein pancakes and the idaho skillet are must haves. Try the half and half to get both!
We had traveled into the area for a weekend.  I wanted IHOP and found this one closest to our motel.  I asked for a rounded booth that set five people and was advised they did not have a rounded booths.  We were set at a table in which one member of the party was out in the walk way.  We noticed and moved to a booth that would comfortably sit the five in our party.  Other parties that came in after us was waited on prior to our server coming to our table.  Once the drinks were delivered; the server's swipe card went into a glass of orange juice and she said; Sorry and left the table.  When she returned; I asked for another glass of orange juice because of her swipe card being in it.  She left the contaminated glass on the table and retrieved another glass.  I had to specifically ask her to remove the contaminated glass off of our table.The food service was slow and ran us late for an appointment we had that morning.  We returned the next two days and received great service from two different servers.  If we stop in this one again; we will request a different server; if the server advises she will be our server.
Service used to be good at REI but I have noticed it has deteriorated over that last decade (I am a member for 20+ years). It appears that they have many newbies without the experience of actually using the products. Some in customer service are just not knowledgeable enough. The other day I requested the store to hold an item for me; which they said was in stock. When I went there they did not have it and so they asked me to go to customer service and order it from a different store. The customer service lady took all me info including credit card and then told me that its a low probability you will get it from another store. But that she will call the other stores when she has the time. WTF? I bought the item cheaper from Amazon.
Something similar could have opened in Town YEARS AGO if it was not for the Town of Maricopa. Well; the Native Americans saw what was needed and built it in less than one year!One of the best Movies around! The seats are great and they have Security to make sure vandalism does not take place. The movies are digital meaning no film-GREAT as I always see those spots in the upper right corner when it's time to change film reels!For our second visit; we were upstairs in the over 21 area. We ordered dinner to enjoy during the movie. I don't think we'll do that too often as it was dark and hard to see what you're eating. However the quality of the food was excellent as Grille 347 prepared it. The video gaming area is great as is the bowling alley. The Town's businesses will miss out on income due to this Ultrastar Center.
I would not give this place even 1 star! I went in to get a pair of pants altered. First of all; she did not even acknowledge me when I walk inside. When she finally put her head up I told her that I had never done this before and if she couldn't do it just to tell me so and I will go somewhere else! (I am a friendly person I do not have any type of attitude when I am talking to her) so I have no idea what I'm doing and I would like to have the pants brought in. She rolled her eyes and said Okay when do you want them by? I told her I had never done this before In mind) So I said I have no idea maybe; tomorrow?? It was just a guess I have no idea ! She laughed and said I was nuts and that she couldn't do it and even if she wanted to the material was too thick and it would cost me too much!!!! as in she would not do it because it would be too hard for her to do! After she belittled me for 5 minutes I told her I would go somewhere else and she told me she didn't care and pointed to the door! This lady is EXTREMELY rude! and I have NEVER been treated like that at a private business! She is very disrespectful and future clients deserve to know! I give this business ZERO stars and I hope her business diminishes.
I like it. They have good coffee and great food. The wifi is strong and it's cozy. It's a very comfortable spot to get work done. A lot of coffee shops have turned into pick up joints or high school hang outs. This is just a nice indie coffee shop like you see in LA and the parking is plentiful  My only complaint is that lunch items are not served in the evening or late afternoon.
Terrific Sicilian pie. Perfect; crispy crust. My wife said the regular pizza was excellent too. We're both from NYC.   We'll return to try the rest of the menu.
My go to spot for lunch dates with coworkers! I am in LOVE with their chicken walnut sandwich and the blue cheese crumble salad.  This specific location gets really busy around 12 so try lunch at 11 or 1 :)  The staff is pretty friendly and helpful.  I always get worried at the beginning of the line that I won't get a table but the staff here are pretty quick at clean up so there's always one available.
For some reason I hadn't gone to this location yet; even though I am a big fan of sports; bar food; and drinks. I went this last Sunday with my roommate to watch some football. It was packed; but we were still able to get a table and our server was very friendly and accommodating even though you could tell she was busy. They have some of the best drink and food specials around and I love their patio area. I was only able to stay for a little over an hour; but I got their chicken fingers with fries. Although; they were only about average; I was still happy and will definitely be back in the near future.
Would someone please tell sales associate 6; aka Erik; that is NOT polite to tell a customer she looks stressed and that no one needs to hear out of the blue that he has grout in his feet and is in a lot of pain.The last time I shopped at this Petco; the cashier (a different one) seemed nervous; distracted and reeked like alcohol. I asked if if he had been drinking and he didn't answer me.I think I'm done with this Petco and will continue to shop at Petsmart. Their prices are better; anyway....
We had a reservation for two that was set up by the Biltmore Hotel. at 8:15pm. We waited over one hour and fifteen minutes and our table was stil not ready. We were leaving when the hostess informed us that our table was finally ready. We were so angry that we left.Clearly we were not the only ones that had this experience. While sitting at the bar we talked to two other couples that were also waiting a long time. Every 15-20 mintes I asked the hostess about our reservation and her standard response was  your table will be ready in about 5-10 minutes. It was so insulting.The manager had the nerve to come outside to let us know that our table was finally ready and he could seat us then. I said no thanks. We were told by a couple that was leaving that Mastro's will allow people to cut in if they know someone that works in the restaurant. What is the point of setting up a reservation there if you do not have a friend that works ther? They will be out of business in a year or two given they way they treat people that have reservations.DISGUSTING!John P.
Yep; Dan L. said it all...your standard dry cleaner. Fast service; but I didn't get a smile from the girl behind the counter on either visit; or come to think of it anyone working there. At least my clothes were pressed nicely; and were back when they said they'd be ready. I'd go back since it's on my way home and it's the closest dry cleaner to my house.
The food was delicious.  They had just rolled out a new menu and it was spot on. The drinks affordable; and the saki warm and comforting. To top it all off Shannon was one of the best waitresses I've had in a long time.
The Phoenix Convention Center offers a great meeting and venue space - it is large and your meeting possibilities are endless here.  It was also very convenient for us because we stayed at the Sheraton Phoenix Downtown (just a 5-minute walk up the street).The waitstaff themselves were very friendly; kind and helpful to us.  They assisted us with our requests and helped us to navigate the space.  Unfortunately; this cannot be said about the Banquet Manager.  He wasn't the easiest to work with: speaking to us in condescending tones; telling us stuff that wasn't true (i.e.; buffet was already replenished; but no food was there) and deny any wrongdoing on his team's parts.  Our meeting was still successful and the space was great; but I definitely feel that some personnel improvements can be made.
Without realizing it; this was the very first place I went to when I first visited AZ.Several years later here I am returning to this place almost by accident.Let's start with the place. Modern; clean; open; dramatic high ceiling; cool bar.I didn't drink since I was driving but I sipped my friend's dirty martini. Let me put it this way: It was powerful. Two of them would be more than plenty.The food was really good; specially for the price.The shrimp cocktail was great; the sauce was spicy and a great presentation. The bacon wrapped water chestnuts were pretty good too.We spitted a chicken sandwich with buffalo wing sauce. It came with a side of fries.If I have to complaint about something; the fries were a little plain.But again; the price point; the service; the place; the ambiance make this place a must.I won't let that much time pass by before my next visit!Cheers.UPDATEI went again and was as please (if not more) as the first time. New favorite: Hell fries!!!The price/satisfaction ratio is so off that it's not even funny. We were talking of how expensive other places when it comes to evaluate the experience vs. the price.
the absolute best Chinese food I've had outside of the two coasts (east or west; take your choice)! Had the sampler platter (pu pu to those initiated) everything was perfectly cooked. From the veggie eggroll or spring roll if you prefer; to the chicken stick; to the crab ragoon. Clean and appetizing presentation along with great flavors equals best Chinese food in town!!! No joke; and for the record I don't work there or know anyone who does; just had to rave about the best Chinese I've had in years.
Great food.  Great ambiance.  Excellent service.  If you're looking for a vibrant atmosphere; with delicious (and healthy) fare; do yourself a favor and try True Food Kitchen.  The food is good; but the service is impeccable.  EVERY single time my wife and I have dined here; we have been welcomed warmly and have been treated like regulars.  The staff is efficient; and is never in a hurry to just take your order and leave the table. The management is to be commended for hiring/training such a great staff.  The Scottsdale Quarter vibe means there is much to take in and some excellent people watching as a side note.  If you want to feel like your business is appreciated; and you want to support local business - make a point to eat here soon.
A confusing airport to drive in and out of; but flying in is pretty easy and the baggage claim is all in one spot. I had an easy time getting in as well to check in for my flight; but be prepared to walk from one side to another if you have to switch gates. I like the free wifi and that there are food options if you need a quick bite.
Z's is better and cheaper
I had a cheese burger here last night. The patty tasted as if it had been heated more than once and possibly had a visit with the microwave; no flavor and chewy.  The service was great and the food came out fast (yay; for microwaves!) but I will never return.
Yep; Pretty Arrogant at the Butcher's tonight.  Wife and I had our choice of places to visit in our first time downtown Phoenix to eat in years....The reviews were so in Arrogant's favor; yet really let me down; wife was satisfied....It is obvious by the other 400 reviews that the Butcher just had a bad night with us.  Told we would be seated in 10 min; they forgot us and did not even have us on the list.  Had to ask three times for water; brought all of our food out at once; that would be cheese; salad; oysters; and our dinners; even though we asked to be sure to pace our meal.  Did not give us the upgraded wine list.  Did not have Med-rare piece of prime rib; sent back; and was charged twice for the meat.  It must have all just been a big mistake; cause everyone else has had a great experience!We won't be back.
Never having been to El Chorro before I was excited when my work announced that we would be having our holiday party there this year. It turned out to be a great choice.We are a decent sized company so we had a room to ourselves in the back of the property. It looked like it was a room that could be used for wedding receptions or any other kind of party. There were several large round tables set up and a full bar in the back. There was an outdoor area too but it was night and kinda chilly so everyone stayed inside for the most part. Another plus was that there was plenty of parking. It's not always easy to find ample parking for a group of 100+.The evening started with passed hors d'oeuvres that were delish - prosciutto-wrapped scallops; crab-cakes and an onion tartlette of some kind. Whatever it was it tasted good! The staff was very friendly and accommodating to our group.For dinner I had the shortribs which came with a side of beans and potatoes. It was really good. The meat was extremely tender (melt-in-your-mouth-type); cooked to perfection and juicy and flavorful. Shortribs are not a lean cut of beef but it was worth it. I enjoyed every bite.One person at our table got a very tough tough piece of fish and they had no problem replacing her meal as quickly as possible without hassle. Overall; we had a very nice time; the food was great and the staff friendly. I'd highly recommend El Chorro for a corporate party or reception.
I've been going to this place for years simply because there is no reason not to! The food is great and the staff is among the friendliest group of people you will ever meet. I'm usually greeted by name when I go in this place and am asked how my parents are doing (they eat here often as well). It's a little personal touch that goes a long way. There is nothing on the menu that I don't like and the pizza and wings are to die for. Love this place and the staff. The best pizza in Phoenix!
I want to start by saying that I have been a long time customer going back to my Chicago days many years ago.  For this reason and only this reason; I have given an extra star otherwise I would have given the place only one star.  I have been to this location on several occasions in the past and had good service and food.  That being said; the last couple of occasions have seen a steady decline in the overall experience.  To start; I visited the store last Saturday 12/8 about 7PM and the place was just plain dirty.....over flowing trash cans; dirty tables; drink and condiment station was sticky (both floor and machine) and caked with catsup spills; cups and condiment holders scattered every ware.  In addition; catsup and mustard dispensers were a sticky overflowing mess.  Other condiments were either to dirty to handle or empty.  In addition; they had an overflowing trash can right next to the station!!  The two employees who were working seemed to care less about the state of the restaurant even after I made a comment about how dirty the place was which was most definitely within earshot of the employees.  Neither of them even took a step to empty a trash can; wipe down a table or anything.  The whole restaurant was like a petered dish for bacteria.  On to the food; the Italian beef was dry; the hamburger was burnt; the hotdog was just warm; and the grilled chicken was way overcooked and the french-fries were very oily......we all ended up with stomach cramps that night.  We paid close to $40.00 for this garbage!!  I would strongly suggest that the owners take immediate action to fix these problems before it's too late.  I know every business has its bad days but this is a trend that points to neglect and indifference.  I'm done with this place and the brand as a whole until I am sure there are big improvements across the board!
Good beer. Bad facsimile of German food
These guys saved Christmas for me.  I ordered a bike for my wife off Amazon; thinking that assembly would be no problem.  Well; after a few frustrating hours in the garage I tossed the bike in my trunk and took it to Bike Emporium.  The bike tech took one look at the front wheel that was giving me so much trouble and immediately deduced that it was a quick-release wheel; and that the quick-release mechanism had not been included in the box; hence my frustration.  10 minutes and $10 later; and he had the wheel on; had adjusted the brakes; fixed the handlebars (I put them on backwards); and checked the deraileurs.  Very friendly and helpful.  Thanks!
Great service love their yogurt parfait with fresh fruit
I came with a group of 18 people for New Year's Eve and we all had an amazing time.  We worked with one of American Junkie's promoters; Jonathan; to make sure we got there early enough to not pay any cover; and had a huge table with dinner.  The dinner was good and the service was great.  By the time we finished up; the party was starting; and it was awesome.  Great job; American Junkie.  We'll definitely be back!
Uhm; I'm not from Phoenix so when our friend suggested a hike; I was just expecting your normal hike with a little uphill action. We took the Echo Canyon Trail and it was the most intense uphill hike I have ever been on. We brought a water bottle without a sack - and that was a huge rookie mistake because you absolutely need both hands to climb up this mountain. The view from the top is breathtaking and you can see the entire city from there. I feel like I conquered the world coming up and then coming down this insane mountain.Water is absolutely necessary and bring a camelback or backpack. It took us about 2.5 hours round trip.
I really like the Casablanca Lounge!The Casablanca Lounge overlooks a small strip in the historic district of Scottsdale; Arizona.  The outdoor rooftop patio is very accommodating to cigar smokers and is arranged to be conducive to any size party.There is a large movie screen where various films are shown (without sound); which is a neat touch; but I don't know that it really adds anything to the ambiance.I have been to Casablanca Lounge on at least three separate occasions and each time; the inside of the lounge is empty.
Very disappointed with my most recent visit. This was our first trip back this season and we brought some friends. I felt so embarrassed for inviting them without having been there in a few months.  1. They have changed the menu. The breakfast tacos (the reason I picked this place); waffles; and some omelets are gone2. They changed the french toast. The new version was horribly disappointing with Marscapone Cheese and Raisin Bourbon Syrup. Both my wife; myself; and friends would have preferred the old candied pecan.3. Disappointing food:  - The home fries were dry; cold; stale; and very chewy with no seasoning at all.   - Biscuits and gravy were disappointing. Gravy had poor flavor and the biscuits were flat; and burned  - Eggs were very rubbery - I had to cut them with a knife.4. Some items are way overpriced. $2.50 for 1 egg??. I can but a dozen of the Hickman's eggs that are used at the grocery store for that price. The one highlight of our visit was the Farm Monte Cristo. It was very flavorful and the Peppered Bacon Syrup was delicious. After this visit; I will not be back for a long time.
One of the best museums I have been to. The audio tour adds to the excellence of the worldwide instrument exhibits. There is also a neat contemporary band and singer section downstairs that gives great insight into the influences of singers in the music industry. They also had a Taylor Swift exhibit which was small but still fun to see. The cafe has excellent food; especially the pizzas.
I live closer to the Basha's and Fry's in the same area; but always go to the location for groceries since they have an in-house Wells Fargo and I can kill two birds with one stone when I need some groceries. They have a great selection of everything you need; with great prices. Their liquor and deli sections are probably the best out of the supermarkets in the area as well. The only thing I wish I could find was large bags of frozen chicken breasts. For some reason; either they don't carry it or I can't find it. Oh; well...
I had a leaking brake on my 1976 Land Cruiser. Brought it in around 9 am and was told by Kenny that it would take between 1.5 and 2 hours to get the parts and if I was OK with that since I had to wait for it. Told him it was fine. I also asked for an oil; filter; and lube since I had a coupon. I went shopping at nearby and received a call that my brake pads were soaked and should be replaced. I agreed and asked for a military discount. Kenny said he would throw in the oil change and lube for free. From there it turned into a comedy of errors with the parts. None of it was the fault of the staff at Brake Masters. They were very courteous and apologetic. After 5.5 hours my vehicle was ready. When I got in and started to drive off; the brake pedal went to the floor. I brought it back and talked to the tech who worked on the vehicle and he said it was fine. I told him it wasn't like that before and he told me that he did the best he could. He told me to bring it back and they would try to adjust it. After I got home I noticed that the vehicle had not been lubed. I called and talked to Mike and he said the tech must of missed it and to bring it back. Since it took so long to have it fixed in the first place; I wasn't excited about returning and have to wait again. I expected that it be done right the first time. The next day I noticed oil on my driveway. When I looked under the vehicle there considerable amount of oil that was not cleaned up after the change that was dripping. I took the time and bleed the brakes and now they feel like they did before I brought them in. I understand the delay in getting my vehicle fixed because of their supplier; what I don't understand is the lack of caring and attention to detail.
I love finding new hipster spots and I and wasn't disappointed with this one! Their decor is so beautiful! We got the fez burger with garlic and rosemary fries; and it was out of this world delicious! Their fries are my new favorite. Their drink menu looks awesome but we saved to have them until next time we go. The staff is great. We were warmly greeted by a guy at the front and our waiter was fast and efficient! I love this place! It is a definite must try!
Mixed reviews.  It started out really nice; but then it's gone down a bit.  Lots of change in management and staff.  Started out really nice; but now you can feel the bad vibes and attitude in the store.  It's shifted again.  Maybe it'll pick back up.Parking lot is small and dark.  Really not a lot of seats; so it's not really a place you can hang out and read.They don't pay a lot for books; that's for darn sure.
So here is an updated review. After being served with a nasty message on Yelp from one of the server's friends; manager's kids; or what ever; I have decided that this place isn't even worth the two starts I had originally gave it. Her message goes as follows:Why can't you just enjoy the food and drinks and stop worrying about the drama (amongst the servers which was clearly apparent). This is Scottsdale; what did you expect? If you want less drama; got to Chandler.First off; the professionalism is beyond lacking. Obviously; she was sticking up for either the restaurant or the servers (either way; I don't care). This restaurant is not worth a damn especially if customers who pay well over $100 have to sit there and listen to all (and I do mean all) the servers gripe about some petty drama. I didn't complain to the manager; because we could barely flag down our server to get utensils let alone find the ringleader. My intentions are not for free food; because frankly nothing could make me go back there. SO BE WARNED ABOUT THIS PLACE! And; if you write an honest review that may be negative; watch out for this nasty little girl shooting everyone messages here on Yelp.
The Fairmont grounds are beautiful. The buildings are very spread out so you could be walking a good distance from your room to the pool or hotel bar. When I visited; the Willow Stream spa was under construction so not all the amenities were available. While unpleasant to the eye; you could only hear the drilling etc when you checked in at the concierge. The spa services are located downstairs and I could not hear any noise during my service.My masseuse was on time to pick me up from the wait area and very professional.  Of the spa amenities; I loved the aromatherapy room. A room comfortable temperature pumping lavender; spice and all sorts of relaxing; and rejuvenating fragrances.  I would love to come back during the warmer months and once construction is complete. I didn't feel like I got the full spa experience but can definitely tell this place would be top notch.
Awesome unique location. Drink special was strong and worth the price and food was good. I had the sriracha ceasar salad and hubby had the honey mustard chicken sandwich. His was nice as was mine but the dressing was a little on the fishy side and not overly sriracha-ey(?) as I would have preferred. Cool change from typical chains.
Always great
Was headed out for a girls day out with my besty and we had to stop at a drugstore for some color remover wipes; and while traveling west on warner coming up to Dobson making a right hand turn seemed wise; as it appears there is a Walgreens directly across from this CVS but that was a left hand turn and it was out of our way ; guess it's a battle of the drug stores on this corner haha.Ever since I was little and went with my grandpa to the local drug store; I kinda have been fascinated by them; I just think its cool that you can find anything and everything you can think of in a drug store; you want booze; they got it; you want band aids; look no further; you want soda; open the cooler; need nail polish goto aisle 1; want to change your hair of color or need a walking cane; it's all here!  We went in and it wasn't very crowded; we find the color remover wipes made our way up the cashier; I was checking into Yelp at this time and the cashier was eye ballin me funny; I was thinking what you never seen anyone check into Yelp before??hahaAlso it's a helpful to know where the 24 hour pharmacy is located at in case ya ever need it!CVS is a good neighborhood pharmacy store; I am sure I will be back.
We dined here again but this time with friends who also love Indian food. On December 08; 2012 we arrived at 5:50PM. Parking within their parking lot was great. My wife and I ordered Kingfisher Beers served with a ice cold glass. My wife ordered Shrimp Korma with a spice level of medium. I ordered the Chicken Tikka Masala also with a spice level of medium. One order of Basmati Rice was ordered. Our meal arrived hot-temperature wise and was excellent. I did steal a shrimp or two from my wife's selection and she stole a piece or two  of chicken. The level of spice was great. See my photos from my  previous review posted on Yelp. We will return in the near future for another excellent meal.
Mom and Aunt were in town; my Aunt wanted to come here so on there way back home we all stopped off! Now I had no idea; that my 60 yr old aunt had the intention of ordering the Big Unit! I was shocked!!! Yes; we all had out share of it. But my Aunt Sue was game and actually ate most of it!! I had the Rob Zombie Burger! It was great; cheese burger with guac; salsa; and bacon!! All had a great time; and yes again; we will be back!!
For breakfast this is the real deal. From the building (renovated farmhouse) to the great food and just right service.
I have to say I have not been to a Sears in a very long time.However; this one has been here for a long time and it is not too bad actually.My boyfriend buys tools and other things that he needs from Sears. They carry a lot of items that he needs. So they are very good with that. They do have a really good return policy and you have to love that if you get something you really cannot use.I myself went in to the Watch repair Dept. I got a new battery for my watch. They changed the battery and give you a one year guarantee on the battery.Which is great for me because; I use a lot of batteries on watches.They also give you a punch card so that for every 3 batteries you get; the fourth is free.
A co-worker had mentioned this place so we decided to check it out. It's pretty close to work; so we have been here both for lunch and dinner. We've tried numerous items off the menu; so I'll highlight what we liked the best.- Guacamole Sol: avocado; mango; goat cheese; and pepitas. This is delicious but it's really unnecessary. Don't get me wrong - I love guacamole but the extras don't really add to it. I'd be fine with their Naked Guacamole. - Coconut Calamari: calamari steak with panko-breading and coconut. This is delicious! The calamari is huge and super tender. We've ordered this a few times. - Spicy Chicken & Bacon Salad: walnuts; avocado; cherry tomatoes... mmm. This salad was delicious! The chicken wasn't too spicy and it was very moist and tender. I'd definitely order this again. - Taco Vampiro: double tortilla stuffed with melted cheese and carne asada. Yum! Little overboard; honestly; who needs 2 tortillas that are stuffed with cheese? But really good. - Ensenada Style Fish Tacos: your basic fish tacos. We ordered the red rice with this and the red rice is delicious. It's flavorful - definitely not bland like some restaurant's rice. - Carnitas Street Tacos: the pork was super moist and tender. While waiting for your food; they bring out salsa; black bean dip; and chips. All are delicious. The location is pretty easy to get in and out of - as long as there is parking in the parking structure next door. Once you park; the actual restaurant is really close. We've never had to wait for a table; which is nice. The hostess and waiters are extremely nice and helpful. We'll definitely be back!
Great price; decent food. Servers and host staff appear undertrained; but they try hard. Ask for your salad dressing on the side... they drench everything. The hot food is hot; cold food cold; service quick. Good place!
We had difficulty in finding this venue. It is hidden in ell of large shopping center and does not have a lit sign nor is it listed on directory. We had called ahead and  oursignature Gourmet Works pizza awaited us. We were greeted by the apparent owner; who was friendly and polite. We seated ourselves in a booth; where small lcd screens displayed old Tom & Jerry cartoon reruns.The pizza was low mediocre at best. Kind of like an inexpensive frozen supermarket brand. The undercrust was soggy. You can do much better with any Take & BakeApparently; this place was a failed franchise that was reopened by it's old owner. There is no wine or beer; but soft drinks and tea have free refills. My wife and I did not try any thing else; but I would pass on this place.
Just got back from eating at Asian Cafe Express.  I went there strictly based on Yelp reviews.  Here is my assessment:Portions=5 starsPricing=5 starsService/friendliness=4 starsFood taste= 2Based on the above; they deserve 4 stars all things being equal. But things are NOT equal.  The taste of the food is what should drive the rating of a restaurant assuming that they don't throw the food at you or spit in your soup.  Other than that ; it is taste; taste ;taste.  I was not impressed with the taste of the food.  I have been to NYC Chinatown restaurants; San Francisco's Chinatown; LA's Chinatown; even Paris' Chinatown so I know what good chinese food is.  This is not it.  People's judgement gets clouded by a low price and then suddenly everything tastes great.  You will note that most of the reviews make reference to their low prices and maybe that's why that have all those Best of Phoenix ratings.  People rate restaurants not only on taste but overwhelmingly based upon getting a good bang for the dollar.  This is a case where the bang for the buck reigned supreme.  AND...by the way; they said their toilets were not working.  Isn't it illegal to operate a restaurant without have toilets working properly considering that the restaurant has a capacity of at least 90 people?  Where does the staff go pi-pi?  Just asking.... Anyway;  Food is rated a two and this geeser isn't spending gas to save a few nickels on food.  I would rather pay more for half the portion and feel that I have had a DELICIOUS and DELECTABLE meal.  My husband on the other hand................
Tri-Core Chiropractic is The BEST of Phoenix!  I can always get in the day I call. I have never waited more than  a few minutes to be seen. Dr. Hooper is caring; compassionate; professional and knowledgeable.I suffered from low-back hip pain and headaches. I am pain free and enjoying life!! CALL TODAY and make your appointment!  Your body will THANK YOU!!
This place has been on my list for a while. It is a small brick building that is sort of cramped inside. There were a lot of older people at the bar inside and there is also a patio outside you can smoke at. The parking lot was sort of cramped too and they also valet available.I think I could have made a better selection off of the menu. I ordered a new york strip with a baked potatoes. The steak was very bland; in fact; everyone at my table had ordered a steak and they were all putting A1 steak sauce; salt and pepper on their meat. I was appalled by this because you should be able to eat a steak that costs upwards 20 dollars without having to put A1 or salt on it. Once I was done battling my steak the baked potato I had ordered with it was too cold to enjoy.The salad bar that came with my meal was good; I don't have anything bad to say about it. The people that ordered soup instead of salad enjoyed theirs. I think this is the wrong place to order a steak from though.The server was very quirky but did a fine job taking down our orders. Unfortunately when it came time to split the bill she got really confused and a person from our party accompanied her to the register to help her out.Overall it was not a bad experience. I am willing to give it another shot and try something different off of the menu.
Amazing experience!  Highly recommend to all foodies!!
A Phoenix gem.  The food is excellent.  The atmosphere; service; and staff is even better.
I've been here a handful of times; all with different parties and for different purposes. In general; I do think this is the best choice for KBBQ on this side of Phoenix! Cheap; gives you the option of grilling; great prices; and great choices. Most Korean places in AZ no longer serve ddukbokki (spelling may vary) anymore; but this place does!While I'm not a big fan of the lunch menu; it is a very good value if you're okay with the selection. I think the food is generally on point; and I'm a fan of their selection of side dishes (especially the fish cake and cucumber!). Definitely go for a tofu soup + meat combo for the most bang for your buck. The seafood pancake here is also absolutely delicious and huge for what you pay--especially compared to other Korean restaurants.That being said; the restaurant does lose a star for fluctuations in food and service quality. Last time I was here with my parents; they messed up our order and wanted to give us a different meat dish than the one we ordered. We insisted on sticking with old order and just waiting. On the plus side; they got the correct dish out to us not long after we talked; but on the negative side; I don't think they would have caught it if I hadn't asked the waitress; and my family was certainly not impressed.
I did business with this company via internet/phone. The owner; Ken; is easy to do business with; very responsive to emails. This retailer offered THE BEST PRICE for the size of latex mattress topper I was shopping for. Don't hesitate to buy from Arizona Premium Mattress Co; whether you are in Phoenix or Philadelphia. Great pricing; service and shipping. I am pleased with the experience I had with them!
Best Bevmo I've ever been to. Very spacious and clean. Plenty of staff walking around to see if you need anything. I feel like this Bevmo has more selection than any other one I've been to. Wish they had a Bevmo like this in LA!
Good people; nice selection....
The fact that Silver Mine delivers until three in the morning is what keeps me ordering. It's nice to have a non-pizza option after hours. Most of the time they are quick and reliable. The subs themselves are pretty standard and not something I would go out of my way to eat. Casella's (just north on Granite Reef and McDonald) is a locally run deli that has AMAZING sandwiches.
I was in a mad search to find Cock & Bull Ginger Beer during the holidays and come to find out Bevmo was the only place I could find that carries it. Unfortunately; it took multiple calls to different locations to find any in stock. Evidently; there is a guy out there who was one step ahead of me and is buying out the entire supply.  Either I need to off the competition or we need to become friends. But really; I'm more interested in dibs on the supply. So my last call was to this BevMo location and I was happy to hear they had plenty in stock and will continue to carry it with shipments every Thursday. BevMo; I really heart you for carrying our number one choice of ginger beer which allowed me to put together the best Moscow Mule gift package. You also taught me what a jigger was. How could I have been so stupid? Cock & Bull Moscow Mule:32 oz Mason Jar (fill with Ice cubes)2 Jiggers vodka  1/2 fresh squeezed LimeTop off with Cock & Bull Ginger BeerEnjoy!
Good truffles; Bon bons and nougat. Love that they always give a free sample!Come here for a quick fix..
very good place to eat - all items are well prepared
Great place to go to in Maricopa since this town has very little to offer. There is  dining; Arcade games; laser tag; theater; bowling and is right across from the casino and motel. I had dinner at the 375 Grill and must say this place looks and feels impressive but the place was very cold. We had to keep our jackets on during the whole meal. The waitress tried her best to serve us but when the food came out she didn't bring it. Instead she came empty handed then later said she was going to go get our salad dressing and ketchup.  I got a portobello sandwich which was under the burger list on the menu. I thought there was suppose to be some meat but it was just a fried portabello for $10. Got a very small salad on the side. The sandwich was very good but not for that price.
Very slow service
Love it!  I only have ordered the special number 1 which I like a lot and have not tried anything else!
All I wanted were some deep-fried foods.  Spring rolls; crab rangoon; maybe some rice to go with.The rangoon might have been passable even without crab; but it was soggy along the bottom.  The spring rolls were crisp; but I don't think I even have words for what was wrong with the flavor.Never again.
We were really excited to try this new breakfast place; but never got the chance to eat there.  We arrived on a busy Saturday morning; and joined the line to seated.  There were plenty of employees and places to sit;  but no one was acting as host/hostess.  We really should of cut our losses there; but we waited.  We finally were seated; and  for 10 minutes with no server; or anyone acknowledging us.  It was strange.   As we looked around only 1 table out of 10 or so had food.  We gave up and left.  I am not sure if the staff wasn't trained properly or there was no manager directing people. There was a bunch of staff but they weren't really helping anyone.  We really wanted to try this place out; but the lack of service made it not possible.
Never disappointed.  Favorites are turkey cranberry sandwich or chicken and avocado colb salad!  Cookies are the best too!
My husband had our Kia Rio brought to this horrible place to find out what was wrong with it. We were given a ridiculous price of over 1;200.00 to do minor work that took my husband 100 dollars and an hr of his own time knowing little to nothing about cars. That should be enough to say this place is a scam; but to make it worse they charged us 100 dollars to plug in their machine to run diagnostics. My husband questioned them and they were very rude about the charge. We paid it and needless to say will never be returning. I urge anyone to think twice before going to this place and trusting them with your cars...rather your wallets!
Stayed here with my husband and our cocker spaniel when we were visiting Phoenix for a few days. The reason why we picked this hotel was that there is a kitchenette and that this place also allows for you to travel with your pets. Also the price per night we paid was pretty reasonable. By the way; there is a park right behind the hotel; which gave our dog plenty of grassy areas for him to relieve himself. This was our first time staying in Candlewood Suites and we really enjoyed our time at this hotel. There is plenty of parking in the lot and the staff were very friendly. Our room (on the 2nd flood) had plenty of dishes and utensils for us to use and also provided dish soap and a sponge to wash our dishes. The room we got was a queen size bed and it was pretty spacious enough for us. But I did wish that the bathroom was a little bigger. Also wished that the free wifi would be faster during peak times (faster late at night; when most people are probably sleeping).Really appreciated that we were given a coupon for 1 free item in the Candlewood Cupboard (downstairs right next to the check in desk; provides snacks that you can buy at a fairly reasonable price). Also thought the small gym that is on site actually pretty nice (for a small gym) and clean. Really thought it was cool that we could also borrow DVDs at the front desk for free and watch them back in our room (so yes there is a DVD player in the room). Oh and there is also a laundry area that you can use here (we didn't use it though) for a small price. You can also purchase detergent in case you forget to pack some. And there is also a few grills on site with tables so you can buy some meat at the local market (not a far drive to) and make dinner if you wanted to or have friends or family that you may be visiting to come over and have a cook out. Overall; this hotel was a very nice place to stay and would stay here again if we ever do come back to Phoenix.
This CVS is relatively close to home and other shopping; so it's convenient in that regard. You have your standard CVS stuff: cards; toiletries; light groceries; drinks; makeup; a photo processing area; magazines; toys; and a pharmacy. This location has a drive-up pharmacy. Parking can be tough due to the busy shopping area it's in; and panhandlers are a near-constant presence by the entrance.
Great service and delicious food. They have a nice patio as well. I loved it! Try the oatmeal.
It seemed like every time I walked by YC's Mongolian grill it smelled delicious. So I finally gave it a try and the food was amazing. It was a some what expensive ($12.50 a bowl per person) but I can't seem to find a combination of ingredients that doesn't taste great. I've been there a few times since.
$22 for a basic pedi and $17 for a kid pedicure. Upgraded pedicures are available; depending on how crusty your feet are. Very friendly and cordial service too! Maybe it depends who waits on you? All the people there were very nice.They use basic OP lotion; hot towels; and hot stones...good timed massage too! Very clean and very nice decor. (Outdated magazines - LOL!)I tend to be very paranoid when I try a new place out; I would come back here again! Next to Leo's Hawaiian BBQ.
Excellent sandwiches; don't bother with subway when you can get fresh boars head products at the same price.
Best Chicken Salad Ever.
The Good Egg has great food for the price. It's not the best breakfast in town but if you are looking for some regular eggs and pancakes; this place trumps ihop and dennys
Their combination boxes are a good value; rice; some protein; vegetables; and an egg for about six bucks. Try the taro milk tea slush!
What do they do to make a basic breakfast so good? Well; actually mine wasn't basic. I took the special off the board: Andouille sausage; havarti cheese (I think); a lovely red spicy pepper three egg omelette AH-mazing; their famous potatoes on the side. Thick slices of whole grain bread on the side with a tiny bit of butter (I wish it had more). One of my kids had the breakfast sandwich with bacon; one had the chicken marinated in pesto sandwich; and the husband had something I can't remember but everyone was very full; very happy even after waiting well over an hour to get seated.  We did ask for a grilled cheese sandwich for our kid and the waitress looked at us stunned and said it's not on the menu. True but they have bread and cheese right? Oh well. What I loved more than anything was every staff person you come in contact with says: Thank you for waiting! I hope to go back soon even though it's a 40 minute drive from my house and more than likely an hour wait to get in - it's worth it.
Good BBQ; good beans; good Mac and cheese! I wish they would have done more with the bread my pulled pork came on. Great atmosphere for a BBQ joint!
This is in my neighborhood but didn't even know it existed; probably because it was mostly hidden from view by I-17 and its fences. So it was good that Rand H. invited me to join him and Mike C. here for weekday brunch.  This place has friendly service; a sunny interior with a relaxed atmosphere and comfortable; if slightly cramped; booths and tables. I ordered The Works which is an omelet with ham; bacon; sausage; crimini mushrooms; onions and tomatoes with cheddar and monterey jack. topped with sour cream; and chose a mixed green salad as a side. The omelet was good and was a moderate-size portion; it would still qualify as a light lunch. The mixed green salad was nothing special. The coffee was delicious and was refilled in a timely manner. I would not hesitate to bring friends to for a nice leisurely breakfast or lunch.
Here is a quick review of the airport and it contains my tips that actual comments.Always go through Checkpoint B.  It is way faster that most other checkpoints and connects to the checkpoints.  If you have a NEXUS pass; then go through A because they you can breeze through with the TSA pre-check.The internet is not very good and its something I have noticed the last couple of months.  Before hand; it was pretty easy to get on and stable.  I can no longer get out the internet.  The options are pretty good at the airport and the prices fair as well.  Some of the gates are outdated; but still better than most airports I have visited in the southwest; especially Vegas.
My husband surprised me with the promise of a new kitten for Christmas.  I looked at several online sites for adoption; saw a beautiful kitten on the AZ Humane Society website; and her description made me think she would be a good fit for our family.  She was located at the Petique site in the Biltmore.  We had the best experience!  The kitten was there with her description of her  purrsonality; and the volunteers were so friendly and very helpful.  They let us play with her and get to know her in a private room.  When we decided to adopt her; they made the process so easy; and seemed so genuinely happy that we were adopting her.  Thanks to all the wonderful volunteers and staff; and a big thank you to the kitty Shakira ( now named Slinky or Lil' Bit) foster mom who nursed her back to health after a kitty cold made her unadoptable!  I recommend this site wholeheartedly; wonderful experience!  We now have a great  kitten addition to our family who came to us socialized; spayed and healthy; and we and our two dogs are in love with her.
I think this place has pros and cons.  I like the large selection of organic food but I feel they are a tinge overpriced.  I was very pleased with the seafood and meat selections!  There is a pretty decent beer and wine selection here; nothing really stood out but I did find Hop Box there which was awesome.  The store is kinda small so you're running into people pretty often but I think it's a pretty lovely store altogether.
This place is awesome.  After sampling several flavors I landed on the Strawberry Margerita Tequila.  It was amazing.  I've never heard of alcohol and ice cream combined; but now that I've had it; there's no going back.  Get ready to get full.  Full and drunk.  :-)
I moved to Scottsdale in October from Illinois where there aren't any Rubio's. I happened upon it by chance. I ordered a lobster burrito (a special) and my daughter nachos. The ingredients were really fresh. The only thing I would change next time I order the burrito is the sauce. I would ask for it on the side or not at all. There was way too much and took over the taste of the lobster. The location is relatively convenient. Prices are competitive to other fast food places with similar foods. I would go back.
Came here in the middle of the night fighting a kidney stone. The only negative I have is how long it took to get seen. I spent about 30 minutes to be seen; which is an eternity in the pain I was in. Outside of that; the staff was genuinely caring. I saw Dr Page and he was quite helpful in helping me understand what was going on and getting me medicated so I could start feeling better.
A week ago I tried to come by to get something to eat and despite the hours listed on the website; the door was locked. Tried again and stopped by Saturday night to get something to eat; but found a note on the door from their landlord instead saying they had been locked out of their building due to non-payment. So I think this place is closed now? It'd be nice if they'd at least clarify on their website for potential customers.
This is by far the most edible burger in the Tatum/Shea area.  The fries are great; but one thing stands out:  the people are happy and nice!!!  Nice burger people; how's that for an oxymoron ;). Oh and they have Coca Cola's freestyle machine too (infinite soda mixtures).  BTW I think the people that gave this place one or two stars were eating in an alternate universe.
A nicer restaurant with chandeliers and newer furniture. The favorites of the night were the steamed fish; pepper beef; and the red bean dessert. Everything else was kind of underseasoned and bland (fried rice was just oily; but not fragrant and spiced; and so was the bokchoy). Service is a little awkward. They always reach across your plate to place things instead of turning the lazy susan.
McGurkees is an all-time favorite. My family has been frequenting this great sandwich shop for over 20 years! Love the subs! Love the staff!
This is the best Ethiopian I've had at the lowest cost. New favorite spot for eating out! :)
Such a great experience   I had a moo shoo appetizer with leeks and trumpet mushrooms . I had the brisket and truffled macaroni and cheese .My companion had lobster soup which he loved .He also had an entree which he loved . The dessert was so yummy with whoppers ;chocolate. I forgot the name of the dessert .Thanks for the great service and wine.
I give it four stars just cause I can't find any other place in the valley that specializes in ramen. I think it's worth the money; I'm usually filled to the brim by the time I'm done eating. Most ramen can be customized; you can choose what meat to add; you can also add fishcake; eggs; and extra vegetables. The basic ramen is loaded with vegetables anyway; so you don't have to drink a V8 later. The atmosphere is a little awkward though; the usual music being played is pretty obnoxious. Otherwise a fine establishment; nice staff; clean floors; tables; utensils; etc.
One of my favorite Korean places in the valley as I have almost tried all of them but one or two. FIrst few times I came with a total of 4 of us. Sushi; KBBQ; soups; etc! We always ordered more than we needed. However my favorite visit is my recent visit. It was just my boyfriend and I. I have had a bad hankering for samgyupsal lately. He likes Korean food and sushi; so this place was a no brainer for us. Luckily we were in the East Valley because that is the only downfall for us; no decent Korean places in CenPho area. We NOW know only to order what we want so we do not over order and end up with tons of leftovers like before (not that is a problem). So some sushi; bulgogi and samgyupsal for KBBQ is all we needed. The banchan and rice came out; and we started to dig in. Our favorites are the cucumber; daikon radish; and cabbage kimchis as always; but they had other great choices. For some reason this time the banchan was superior to the other times we have came...we had to get a few refills of them before our food was ready! Grills started up and bulgogi was ready to be cooked. A few minutes later my samgyupsal finally showed up and plenty of it! I don't know; but it sure seemed like there was much more samgyupsal than the last time I came and I was definitely not going to complain. Everything was tasty and satisfying. It was one of my more pleasurable times at this place. I love that they have a Korean network (SBS) playing on the tv; so at times you might be watching a Korean drama or news. Most of the time you can find me singing along to the kpop playing and eating like a Queen.
I loved HH here. so I thought lunch would be great.  The service was slow; the music was loud; and the food was ok.  Maybe it was an off day; we were the first table for the day???
My fiance and family went to Los Taquitos the weekend after Thanksgiving this year.  This place is literally down the street from me and for some reason or another; I have never stopped on by.  Meal:  Our group had the chimichanga; ranchero eggs; enchiladas with eggs; and the chiliquetes.  We also added had the chips with salsa.Taste:   The seasoning was nearly perfect unlike other Mexican places nearby (like the Original Burrito Company); the food was both spicy and tasty.  It seems like too often that places confuse spicy hot as being tasty and well seasoned; but these places don't have the expertise in making something incredibly hot and delicious . . . but Los Taquitos does have that expertise.  Their salsa; in my humble opinion; is the best I have had to date and its by no means typical.  It appears they take real pride in making their salsa special.  The only dig is that the chips were overcooked.  8 out of 10.Value:  Portions were more than fair and reasonable.  In fact; I would describe it that if you ate til you were full; you have a some left over for a small snack left over.  4 out of 5.Service/Cleanliness:  There is no waiter service; just a walk up counter.  The staff was mediocre.  They weren't rude or inept; but they sure weren't friendly.  It was sort of like a robot was taking our order.  7 out of 10.Atmosphere:  The atmosphere is spot on of what you expect from a nice walk up taco and burrito place.  Nothing fancy; easy going; and great music.  The scenery is going to wow you but shouldn't district you from the entire experience.  3 out of 5.Overall:  I have been to a handful of walk up taco and burrito places in the valley and Los Taquitos takes top prize.  This is the perfect place if you want some authentic; simple;  and fast Mexican food for lunch or after a night of drinking!  Its one of those places where you sneak away to treat yourself with an awesome plate of Mexican food.  22 out of 30 points; 3 out of 5 stars.
This reminded me of a place back home in California. My bf yelped it and we grabbed breakfast before going to a local arts festival. There was no wait for a Sunday morning; which I was surprised about. But they handle their crowd very well. I had the french toast with a side of eggs and sausage; and the mr had an omelet; all of which were really good. Our server was super sweet and we didn't feel rushed or imposed upon. I would definitely come back.
The employees here are super helpful and provide great service. I went in recently and had Jose (who also went by Joe) help me with replacing the bulb in my headlight. I'm so glad I went here to get this done before I went to a shop because it saved me a good chunk of change. I will continue to go to this autozone for smaller car needs because of the money saved and the awesome employees!
First time trying Indulge BaM and my roommate and I really enjoyed it. Colton was our server and was awesome! Very friendly and super attentive; not annoyingly so.  I had a grilled chicken sandwich with blue cheese; baby greens and tomato on the brioche. Very high quality ingredients and they did not skimp on any of them! The chicken was awesome; right amount of char; the taste reminded me of chicken you'd get at a good old fashioned cowboy cookout (that's a good thing if you've never been to one). We split an order of sweet potato fries that came with buttery marshmallow dipping sauce. Really unique and tasty! It's a little bit pricey for casual food; but it IS high quality food so you really shouldn't feel ripped off. I had a Yelp Deal; so the whole meal; 2 sandwiches; order of fries and 2 drinks were $25 spent including a $7 tip. Now that's a deal! Will return for sure!One last side note... the restaurant was very clean; nice  simple yet modern decor; and the owner was there and seems like a genuinely nice guy; very smiley. :)
We found this restaurant  on YELP while on vacation. Great salads-wonderful pizza. We split a large salad between 6 of us and three pizzas. We did order two appetizers and had a 2 bottles of wine. Extremely well priced. We will come back for sure next time we are on the area.
Great food (best green chili in town).  Slow service which was a drag and they could stand to clean the dining area better; but; you can't beat the food....
It always perplexes me when one restaurant fails and another one comes along and opens the exact same kind of restaurant that just failed in that location. Often; as in this case with the same type of cuisine. My wife and I went here to try out our Groupon deal. The decor is very nice and the food is actually really good. I suspect however; that they will be out of business fairly quickly. We went on a weeknight and when we arrived; there was only one couple there at 7pm. We sat down and ordered but only one other couple came in the entire time we were there. Again; the food was really good. Here's the problem; the prices; portion size and their ala carte menu arrangement. I have NEVER been to an Indian restaurant where rice and/or naan bread was not included with a dinner entree. Not only is it not included here; but they charge $3 for a side of either. The lady who waited on us was one of the owners. While she was courteous; she never once smiled; thanked us for coming or tried to engage us in conversation. At the end of our meal; when she found out that we had a Groupon voucher; she was visibly irritated. You can see in some of the photos I have posted the portion size; which in my estimation was about a 4 inch bowl. Quite small in comparison to other Indian restaurants we regularly patronize. My wife had the lamb dish and it was $13; while my fish entree was $12. Although the food was good; sadly; we will not return. There are just more negatives than positives.
Great atmosphere; staff is always nice and helpful; and has the best Spin classes!!!
Would have loved to try the product.  My family and my sisters family went together after I had bought a Groupon and had one for me and one for her (paying separate).  The clerk would not let us use it so we left very dissapointed and walked over to Udder Delights and had a great time.
They hit the nail on the head at Fate: the craft beer; artisan pizza; and chill atmosphere definitely make it an enjoyable place to go eat and hang out. I recommend the capicola pizza with the pale ale. Get a flight of 5 your first time; of course.
This place is just...meh. I love that they have all the equipment you could need; except bikes that I usually have to wait for (and I was told they had plenty when I signed up...oh well!). When I went in for my free consult with a trainer; he was very professional and told me that he didn't feel comfortable showing me ways to work out because of my knee issues. He said they were getting a new trainer and she would call me that week...Well that was 3 months ago; still no consult. Anyway; I went in to pay my December dues (which is more than every other month) and I was told that they don't take payments in the locations (what?!?!). So I figured while I was there that I would bring up my issue with the whole trainer thing and the girl handed me a card with a phone number to call and some guy's name. Who is this mystery dude anyway and why can't you just set me up with a trainer?As far as customer service is concerned; it's pretty blah. You get the preprogramed Have a good work out when you check in and the have a nice day when you leave; but I'm not sure any of the staff speaks any other English words other than those phrases because that's all I ever hear them say.Now this place isn't horrid or rancidly dirty; it's just a little blah for my taste.
I will definitely come back to this place again. I LOVE their BABY BACK ribs. Don't get the St. Louis style ribs unless you're the type that like lots of meat and less fat on your ribs.  Their ribs are juicy and tender. Their Strawberry lemonades are also very tasty. Our waitress was so nice and always checking up on us. She was also very helpful in giving tips on which ribs to get. I love the free cornbread and the donuts when you leave. :)
Traditional chain restuarant with your typical menu.  Great location though.....and it was hopping for its grand opening.
Three of us locals went to try a restaurant we had never been to before and came out wondering how come we didn't find this place before!  The service was impeccable...from the hostess to our waitress to the manager.  Everyone was friendly and helpful.  We ordered the guacomole that is prepared tableside and we practically licked the bowl.  The posole and kobe dog hit the spot on a chilly afternoon.  The manager; Michelle; stopped by our table and after some Facebook discussion; sent us three small avocado margeritas to taste.  OMG!  I can't wait to spread the word about this place and I know my boys will LOVE the kobe dog.  Can't wait to go again soon!
Waitress is friendly and cute. Drinks out quickly. She also remembered the hot sauce. Food was out in 14 minutes; still hot and everything tasted fresh. Waitress was awesome; attentive; and nice. I would definitely eat here again.
I used to live in AZ and would frequent Oasis and every time I go back to visit family and friends I always stop by. This is the go to place for hookah in AZ. They make great flavored hookah's and are happy to share and mix as many options as requested. They take pride in their hookah and their food is surprisingly delicious. They have music some nights and live entertainment too so be sure to check it out. Full bar and hookah til late also make this spot a frequent after club place to go.
They offer great happy hour specials and a great selection of food to select from. Taco Tuesday ROCKS! Friendly staff and very casual laid back little neighborhood place to take the whole family to.
Just moved to the area and dropped some clothes off New Years Eve.  I needed my husband's suit and my dress by the evening.  Dropped our clothes at 9:30AM and had them back by 4PM.  They did an amazing job; clothes were clean; on time; and at a very reasonable price.
GolfWeek; Golf Magazine and Golf Digest all have this golf course in their Top Five in the state of Arizona.  I have yet to play either Troon North tracks and have only played We-Ko-Pa's Cholla course but Southern Dunes might well be the best.  As others have noted; it's (1) a bit of a hike to get to the course; being some 45 miles south from the heart of the Phoenix and (2) its scenery and layout is unlike other desert layouts.  The absence of cacti and the predominance of planted tropical trees makes this course feel more mid-Atlantic and on some holes; Florida-like.  And of course; with Fred Couples involved; the course lays the beach on heavy with over 119 bunkers.    The course was manicured to near perfect conditions on the day I played (12/9).  The tee boxes were cut; the fairways were impeccable and the greens rolled fast and true with very little ball marks marring the surface.  It's apparent the Troon-managed maintenance crew puts a premium on having the course look near-perfect at all times.  The course itself is wide-open although if you tend to slice or hook the ball on a consistent basis you may wish you'd stayed home.  The bunkers are strategically placed gobble up shots from every tee box and approach.  One additional note:  The sand in the bunkers is of the dirtish variety and; as such; steep and deep sand shots are almost worthless in these traps. The staff is polite and helpful and the starter will answer any of your questions. The clubhouse is nice and bathrooms make you feel like you're in the Ritz (clean wash towels are provided as is mouthwash and other toiletries).   I'm a local now but if I were planning a golf vacation out here; I'd put Southern Dunes in my rotation right now.  Highly recommended.
I love the patio and I love the food.  Great chips and salsa and french fries too!  Steak tacos are the bomb; even though they are tiny.  Pretty decent happy hour and great service.  Welcome to the neighborhood!
Checking back in to make sure people understand HOW HORRIBLE this vendor is.There are SO MANY florists in this city that deserve your business; I implore you to please find an HONEST one.
Been here twice.  Both times loved the cupcakes.  It's now my go-to treat for my daughter. Yummy!!
I am a grocery store afficionado and I found this place to just suck. It is horribly organized and has these little half aisles at the end of longer aisles. We walked all over looking for common items that were placed in bizarre areas. Nothing seemed to gel or be cohesive at all. Very poor set up. The staff (when they could be found) was helpful to a degree but they even seemed confused or at a loss as to where commonplace items could be found. The check out system was HORRID at best. There was one person ahead of us with a reasonable amount of items; but for whatever reason the checker took 20 minutes getting her through. THe bagger lady was horrible; commenting on every item the lady bought. SHe did the same for us-I had to fight every urge I had to just shove her out of the way and bag our items myself. I will NOT be back. Awful.
I saw the orange sign the other day while in the area and I thought it was worth checking out.  I'm a fan of Cane's down the street and the neighborhood can always use another fried chicken place that isn't KFC.  I would compare the menu to that of Popeye's but you can tell they take a lot more pride in what they are doing.  I didn't feel like messing with the bone so I ordered a 4 piece chicken strip combo that came with two sides and a roll.  I ordered the dirty rice and cole slaw as a side just because I didn't want two starches as my sides.  It only took a few minutes and when they called out my number I was greeted by a steaming order of  perfectly battered chicken strips and two decent size sides.  I'd bet my life on the roll being fresh from a pack of King's Hawaiian Rolls.  The gentleman preparing my meal was even thoughtful enough to put a side of hot sauce (like Louisiana Hot Sauce but maybe a touch thinner) on my tray and asked me if I wanted ranch and bbq.  Well done; I'll give these guys some credit and I hope it sticks around.  It's exactly what I thought it would be when I saw the sign and walked in the door.
Tried to come before but it was closed.for thanksgiving holidays... Should not.have bothered trying again.  Tried 4 tacos; asada; lengua; cabeza and fish. All were lukewarm/ cold and or bland. So disappointing given the reviews expected a lot more. fish taco tasted like it had been fried hours before just hard and cold. Best part of the meal was the rice and salsas... Side onions were also good.despite being cold... If I looking for tacos there are way tastier options available
Best Chinese food for dine-in or take-out! Great service! Their General Tso's is a must try one-of-a-kind specialty. And I love that their food isn't overtly greasy like your typical Chinese food.
Nousha is beyond  a 5 star stylist. She should be doing hair for a -list celebrities! But I am SO thankful that she is here in Glendale; AZ. She will help you pick the right hair color to match your skin and tell you what will look good on you and what wont. So if your one of those people who just doesn't know and needs guidance; I HIGHLY recommend Nousha. And If you know exactly what you want Nousha will give you just that. I have nothing but high praise for this woman and will continue to go to her for as long as she's here!!
Did our Christmas Angel that day and stopped off to grab some quick food. I like In-N-Out no matter where it's located. My only issue with this one is with the french fries. They must have been sitting in the tray waiting to be matched up with a burger order because  ours were limp.Maybe I should order their twice cooked fries.
TOTAL rip off. I lost the key to my bike U-lock ; and it was locked through the wheel and the frame. Called these guys because they were close; and they told me it would be $40. I asked if they took credit; and they said yes (what they didn't mention was that they charge extra 10% to process the credit card). Half an hour later; two teenage kids show up; one of them seemingly stoned. They said it would be about $80 to remove the U-lock; because they may need to grind it off. At this point; it was getting a bit pricey; but I really needed my bike; so I said go for it. One of the kids pulled out a set of lock picks; stuck one in the mechanism; and before he could even get the second one in; it fell open. I asked him if he was REALLY going to charge me $80 for that; and he said yes; because it's based on the type of lock; and they're usually more difficult. I resigned myself to it; and when he handed me the receipt; it was for ONE HUNDRED FORTY-FIVE DOLLARS.The cost breakdown: -$40 JUST TO COME OUT-$90 for the difficult lock removal-$15 service charge to process my credit card.If that isn't extortion; I don't know what is. Don't believe any quote they give you; it will at least double. If I could give negative stars; I would.
Best and freshest seafood in AZ! Flown in fresh daily. All appetizers and entrees were delicious! From alligator to oysters to crawfish and more... Desserts are true Nawlins style! Bourbon sauce on bread pudding... OMG!!! Oversized and yummy créme brûlée ... I'll be back!!
I can't say much for the service since I usually get food to go on the way to work; but the food is delicious. I recommend the mojo burger. Burger with mushrooms; bacon; and swiss cheese; comes with fries. The burgers are always cooked to perfection. I give it four stars because it is really greasy; some people like that; but I could do without.
I've been here to Zinburger a few times but this is my first review. I have to say that it is probably my favorite burger restaurant in the state. I've been to most of the other popular and trendy places but Zin keeps on living up to the best!On our latest visit we were seated in the heated patio. The wait for the restaurant was nearly 30 mins or seating right away on the patio. It was chilly out so I was happy for the heat lamps! Not bad at all with them on. My wife and I decided to share this time.   It was hard to do; but since its the new year; I wanted to start things right in my whole diet and exercise plan.  Cutting calories in half is a good start right?  We had the ringer with avocado added.  All I can say was wow. Excellent! In the past we have had the Kobe burger with pineapple which was a special back then; and we have ordered that numerous times.  It's been almost a year since I tried that one though. We also shared the truffle fries which were great. All in all; it was just the right amount of food for us. I would say this is our fifth time here and I never had a bad experience hence my 5 star review. I think the Ringer is my new all time favorite so I'm sure we will be back here soon for it again!!
One of the best breakfast meals I have ever had.  If you are in the area; hit this one up.  I will go back every time. Rock on!
This location of Filibertos is much better and cleaner than the one in Sierra Vista.  The employees are nice fast.  The food is slightly above average and tastes pretty authentic.  It's a good place to go for takeout; and unlike the Sierra Vista location is nice enough for dine-in.  The food is not worth jumping up and down over; but it is good.  One exception; stay away from the menudo.  It was too greasy and tasted like it hadn't been cooked long enough.
If you've ever gyros hopped before; you know that not all gyros are created equal; and until today; if asked; I would have told you my favorite gyros is at Cypress Grill. I am happy to report; opinion changed!I've had this spot bookmarked for quite a while now; the trouble is that I spoiled myself by moving a mile away from where I work; I've got dining; shopping; and work all within 5 minutes. There's 4 froyo shops; 5 gyros spots; 6 grocery stores; countless dining; dive bars; comedy clubs; open mics; music and more. Travelling outside of my acceptable radius is quite the big deal. There's usually some type of planning; engagement; or craving involved that just can't happen inside my bubble. I recently was in the Tempe area and decided to strike while the iron is hot. If you visit expecting the usual quick serve; show up; eat; and leave setting - you're only partly right; but Haji-Baba is so much more. Haji is a Middle East / Mediterranean market - who also makes one heck of a gyros; and I'm happy to stamp my opinion of Personal Favorite - thus far on it. I ordered up a Gyros DLX - sans tomato. This thing comes falling out the pita with a generous portion of gyros; lettuce; onion; tomato; tatziki; feta cheese and all wrapped up with a hand made pita. Best yet; it's under five bucks! - if you're not into the hand made pita or fresh of the block feta cheese; it's younger brother Gyros comes with the same delicious lamb and beef gyros for about $3.69.Though; why stop at just the gyros? This place is flushed with great imported foods and fresh made desserts to order up from their market. Shop through aisles of items like spices; sauces; pickled beets; harissa (spicy pepper sauce); cookies; and so much more. Check in their glass case for fresh made pastires; olives; and feta cheese. On a whim I tried out one of their harissas and haven't looked back since. Now I'm blending up my favorite spicy pepper hummus with jalepeno; garlic; and harissa week after week. - message me if you want the recipe; it's awesome; I promise ;-)Happy Yelping Phoenix - break outside your bubble once in a while and you'll be surprised at what you can find!
If you have just moved to Phoenix in a torrid July; here's where you pick up your Instant Authenticity Pack without the trouble and expense of the trek to Scottsdale.Loose; flowing cotton clothing that will BREATHE? Check!Floppy hats? Check!Scented essential oils? Check!Frida Kahlo refrigerator magnets? Check!Small sheet metal lizards? Check!Day of the Dead mariachi bands? Check!Once these needs are taken care of; you can think about larger issues; like how to restore your adorable CenPho cottage and how large a burger you want at the bar in the same complex. With cool; absorbent organic cotton lying lightly on your skin; you will feel much; much better and more able to cope.This is not precisely my scene; but if it were; this would be my first stop; as the selection is varied and not unduly sequined; and the environment is delightful.
I really love Lennys. The burgers are grilled right in front of you so its ALWAYS fresh. I have been going to this Lennys for 15yrs now and never get tired of the amazing food. Prices are a bit high though.  Would definitely be a 5 star if prices were lowered.
Great ambience n seating by the fireplace. Try out the bruschetta; smoked salmon and crab cake. They are to die for. Would love to go there again!!
I was born and raised in NY and this place is the ONLY place in AZ that does it right. After searching for 8 years; I finally found this place.  I promise you us New Yorkers know what we're talking about when it comes to bagels..and this place is the real deal.  And to Kristen B-  When every other review is a great score and you write a bad review because an owner was talking to an employee and there were crumbs on the floor you sound like an ignorant idiot. There are only 2 people working usually and everytime I have been there it has been PACKED so you probably got there during or right after a rush. Also; the owner goes out of his way to interact with EVERY customer; and im there on a weekly basis so I know what im talking about;.
Not a big fan of the chicken and waffles idea; but the waffles and fruit punch were good!
Awesome!  A bit pricey but very good!
We like Lucky's. We like Lucky's because the family that owns it is great. They are friendly; customer service oriented and work at producing great food for a good price. We have used Lucky's as our go to pizza shop for the past year. We have tried a lot of different pizzas on the menu; and have had the Chicken Parmi sandwiches. Excellent. Having had pizza all over the U.S.; I can say that I am content with having used Lucky's as our only pizza shop for the past year. Large pie; large wings; usually about $25 and we're set for the night. 2 pies; one with everything on it; an additional 1 topping pie; and 25 wings will usually run us about $38. We get smoking hot pie that tastes great; and leaves us with a smile on our faces. What more could you want?When I mentioned customer service; we had an experience that allowed us to drive BACK to Lucky's from Wittmann. We ordered 2 pies. Upon arrival back at the house; SOMMMMMMEONE forgot there was a pie on the back seat. Upon opening the car door; Someone watched a large pizza tumble from the back seat; out of the box; sliding down and along the back seat; down the door frame; and onto the ground. Dirt pizza anyone? Nope. A quick call had a new pie ready to go in 20 minutes; faster than it took Someone to drive down to atone for their sins. Why the review now? Because I've read about Ray's and we've decided to try it tonight. A review WILL be written.
This is my go to place when I have time to breakfast in the mornings.  I think the word authentic is thrown around way too often in Yelp reviews and I am guilty of using too often too . . . so please forgive me for using one more time; The Bagel Man has authentic NYC bagels and frankly; if they weren't they are still amazing.Meal:  Just pick anything off of the menu.  Don't think . . .just choose.  It will be well worth it.  I recommend that you don't taste the bagel because it ruins the taste; but that is just my preference. Taste:  These bagels are the cat's pajamas.  While the sandwiches are terrific; I recommend keeping it simple and just stick with the bagels.  10 out of 10.Value: You can maybe go somewhere else and find cheaper bagels; but they are exactly just that; cheaper bagels.  The quality of these bagels could demand almost any price but they are reasonably priced. 4 out of 5.Service/Cleanliness:  The Bagel Man has to be the nicest man in the food business in the East Valley.  He always greets you with a smile.  He loves to interact with the customers . . .but his supporting staff lately has dropped the ball.  The last time I was there; one of his employees begun to take my order and walked away mid-way.  She went to the back and after waiting for a few minutes; I just left. 6 out of 10.Atmosphere:  It was it is - its a bagel place and I don't thing there really needs to be anything else; right?  3 out of 5.Overall:  I feel there service has really gone down lately.  If every employee there was just like he Bagel Man himself; this place would be an easy 5 star place!  23 out of 30 points; 3 out of 5 stars.
Tough to access when coming east on Elliot. Love this Sonic! Not usually busy; but then there's happy hour. Always friendly service and fairly fast. I come here often. Tator tots are great; corn dogs & drink selection is of the best! My regular favs.
So it is that time of year again where people are going to take their children to sit on Santa's lap; and others go to see the Nutcracker...well; I prefer swinging by the Coach House to check out their festive Christmas decor and drink a Guinness.  This bar is really more of a shack; and one of a few claiming to be the oldest bar in Old Town.  I only really come here during the holidays when the shack transforms into more of a gingerbread house full of random people; or if I am giving a tour of the 'oldest bars in Old Town'.  The service is always decent and quick; drinks are well poured and cheap; the crowd is always entertaining and interactive; and if you aren't into people-watching you can stare at the crazy lights and garlands.  I think this bar is open all hours you can legally drink!  Make sure to check out the pictures posted; the Christmas decorations are no joke!
Ok; I eat here A LOT... and for years they have never failed me in making some really; really good food.  I am closing in on 300 meals from this place.  I do quite a lot of take out and in 5-10 min its ready to go!  As of late I've been killing the Lettuce Wraps!!!!  Holy goodness!  Ummmm...   Some of my Favs are Spicy Korean chicken w/brown rice;  Stir Fired Chicken w/ xtra chicken and xtra egg!  Ummmm...  Working out and want to eat clean...  their teriyaki chicken over steamed brown rice is super!  The chicken is prepared very nicely!   All in all; you can count on some good food at a good price.  I'm hungry!
Road warrior review:  ate by myself at bar.  Fantastic service. Local beers very good.  Mussels could have used more broth; loved the creativity w the corn and fennel sausage in the dish; it's hard to nail mussels in the desert.  Oysters good; no horseradish though; I consider that an oyster staple.  Nailed the turkey pastrami on a pretzel roll; food was fresh; vibe good; I'll be back.
Review based on 1 night stay on the ground floor:PROs:+ Heated swimming pool and hot tub+ Chef at made to order line was very friendly and attentive+ Complimentary Internet access+ Housekeeping was very timely with bringing extra blankets/pillows+ Easy to reach off of highway+ Good value when travelling in a pack of 6 (4x kids; 2 adults)CONs:- Very large property that was difficult to navigate around.  Interior (pool area) was very nice.- Was difficult to move floor to floor at night with luggage (couldn't find ramps or elevators; just stairs)- Cannot rate suite cleanliness as a 10 because remnants of previous guests were still around (party ballons; tape; ribbons were still up on the wall).  Called front desk after we noticed; they offered to change rooms and also send housekeeping; was not a huge deal breaker.  We were already unpacked with 4 kids.  They said they would make a note.  When we received the bill in the morning; they had another generic note with bill; If you feel you cannot rate your suite cleanliness as 10; please contact the Front Desk immediately  Felt like feedback given last night didn't go anywhere.  Would have been nice to see a note along with the bill that would have given me the warm/fuzzy that they had at least taken note.- Mold in bathroom and vents- Room felt damp and stale.  A/C controls were old analog style.  Was nice to have a ceiling fan in the bedroom; but it hummed/squeaked all night.- TVs seemed small compared to the overall size of the room.- Hot buffet was anything but...hot; that is.  Eggs/Sausage/Bacon were all cold and rubbery.  Cranberry juice mix was also out.  Doesn't seem like breakfast is up to Embassy Suites standard.  Notified chef at made to order line and he notified the rest of the staff right away to swap out the food.At the end of the day; we probably won't be staying at this location again.  We're still fans of Embassy Suites; but this particular location falls short.
I got food here twice.  I rarely eat fast food but have a soft spot for egg mcmuffins; they don't seem THAT bad for you and are filling.  The first time; the English muffin part of it was just about burnt to a crisp and inedible (leaving me hungry until lunch).  The second time; it was barely toasted and the cheese was cold (giving it a much much much less desirable flavor).  This mixed with kinda rude staff (for those I've dealt with) on both occasions and I'm not going to make the same mistake a third time.
Wow; this place is really bad!  The selection on the conveyor belt looked like it's been sitting there for hours.  You could see the avocado starting to brown on some of the rolls.  Baked mussels ($2 for 2) only came in 2 not 3 like the menu says and the kitchen staff forgot to cook the darn thing.  It came out cold.  The waitress apologized but that was really unacceptable.  The miso soup was at room temperature.  The $1 plate selection was limited.  The seaweed salad was very fishy tasting.  1 cup of fruit cocktail for $1.  2 pieces of unagi for $5.  This place is a total joke.  Very pricey for crappy food.  I will never return.  If you like conveyor belt sushi; I would recommend Teharu Sushi in Tempe instead.  Not the best sushi you can get but it's a great place to eat a lot of sushi on the cheap.  It's also very busy; meaning more fresh rolls on the conveyor belt.
I am stuck at home with my foot in a cast for the next three weeks. Going to the grocery store is usually something i like to do; but entrusted it to safeway. They're a huge company; they should be able to get this right; i thought.The delivery man arrived within the window; which was nice. I'm not going anywhere; so it would have been OK had he been late.9 out of 26 were totally missing. They were on the receipt; not listed as 'out of stock'; and i was definitely charged for them. They were the most expensive items of the bunch: some organic sausages; tortellini; capers; and half of my produce; celery; corn; carrots. It took about 10 minutes to get this information conveyed to someone on their 1800 number.They've offered to send somebody over tomorrow during an inconvenient time to re-deliver. Sounds to me like the delivery guy is going to have a nice dinner on my tortellinis!
Disaster!!!  Went to Cafe Boa for New Year's eve.  Had reservations for INSIDE.  They only had seating available on patio.  It was very cold and there were not enough heaters.  Menu was limited to 8 items.  They only had two meat dishes.  We were informed that the filet was not available and while ordering wine we were informed that the prime rib was no longer available.  No other meat dishes were available as substitutes.  We left.No manager stopped by our table during the entire 45 minutes we were not being served.
A first-class operation. The proprietor and his staff know their stuff. They were able to tell me which of my knives were worth sharpening and which should; ah; be cast away. The sharpening service is excellent.From viewing the products on display at their new location; I suspect the store really favors eastern cutlery. There is some German cutlery (Henckels and Wustof are my favorites); but the emphasis is on Japanese blades. Some of their goods are VERY expensive. However; their offerings are professional-grade knives and other implements used in professional hotel and restaurant food service.As someone who originally bought his knives from the long gone and sorely missed Stoddard's in downtown Boston; MA more years ago than I care to recall; I despaired that I would never find another storefront that would satisfy me. I had to move to Arizona to find a store their equal.
As PF Chang's is to oriental cuisine; Z'Tejas is to Southwestern.  Same idea.I didn't say it was a good idea.  It's ok; not great.PF Chang's pulls this trick off wonderfully.  Z'Tejas; not so much.We went for lunch and were seated immediately.  The place we had originally planned on going had a line out the door.  This is a huge restaurant and beautifully appointed.  Servers were all nice and did a good job.It's a little dark in here.  It was lunch and had numerous windows but unfortunately we were not seated near them. I had trouble reading the menu.The corn bread and butter starter is a nice touch.  Everyone likes a freebie.  It just wasn't that tasty.  Nothing special.I went with a dish off their seasonal menu and it did not disappoint.  That being said; it wasn't overly special either.  The beans and rice were okay also but again; nothing special.The bill came quickly and we were out the door in less than 45 minutes.  Very efficient.Not the best southwestern food I've had but it's decent.  Don't expect much.
Slow service. Slow service. Slow service. Slow service. Been there 2.5 times.  First time.  Slow service.  Waited 15 mins for a bartender to ask us if we wanted anything... then another 15 mins after we order to actually get the beer.  After 1 beer were were done and wanted to leave. Took another 15 mins to get the tab after we asked for it.  We made sure to pay cash as we didnt want to wait another 15 mins for the bartender to run a card.2nd time.  Walked in.  Sat at a table.  Waited 20 mins.  No server.  Left.3rd time.  Walked in.  Sat at far end of bar next to server station.  Waited 15 mins for bartender to make it down to that side of the bar.  While sitting there got to hear the servers complain about how slow the bartender is and that they too have been waiting or over 10 mins for the beers they ordered. So I felt better as it wasn't just the patrons the bartenders ignore.  Once we finally did get service at the bar we had a smooth time.  Don't know if I'll go back.  Maybe if i'm already on mill and theres nothing else to do...then maybe...maybe I'll go back and try it again.   Just really bummed.  Wanted this place to rock.  Love a good beer.
First of all; I'd like to say the that the Arrogant Butcher; and especially the General Manager completely redeemed themselves.  After the first review I wrote last week about a not so stellar experience; I was contacted by them and allowed them to contact me to discuss.  The General Manager; Peter; was very apologetic and asked if we would be willing to come back on a credit of what we originally spent and let them try again.  We graciously accepted and worked out a convenient time to return - which was last night; just 8 days after our original visit.  Everything about the 2nd experience was different.We were given brand new menus (no food stains or rips.  We were met by the General Manager shortly after being seated and welcomed back and appreciated for giving them a 2nd chance. The server was very knowledgeable about the menu - asked us on a few different occasions if we had any questions; and when we did explained the food choices in detail.  He was virtually always present and available; yet he had several other tables in the area he was also attending to - which he seemed to be giving everyone the same excellent service we were receiving - nice to see.We ordered the soft pretzels and provolone fondue as a appetizer - definitely enough of an appetizer for like 4 people - we ended up not eating all the pretzels to save some room for our entrees - which were exceptional.  One of us ordered the filet mignon which was cooked to perfection.  The other of us ordered the crab stuffed chicken and I can't stop raving about it.In addition to the exceptional service the waiter provided; Peter also checked in with us from time to time and repeatedly thanked us for giving them another opportunity.  Must have been an off night the first time - which happens; but what speaks volumes is how Peter and his team made it right.  Also; he comped the entire meal; which was greater in price than our original - not expected; but very much appreciated.Thanks Peter and Arrogant Butcher - we are now fans!!
By far the worst pharmacy I've ever used. Never have prescriptions when they promise. I spend at least 30 minutes each time I come here waiting. This it's time to move my prescriptions to Walmart
I typically go to the McCormick Ranch or Scottsdale Road locations in Scottsdale; but  on occasion go to this location as it's close to my work.  The weight area seemed decent; but I was particularly struck by how outdated and dark the pool appeared - as compared to the other locations.  The pool plaster itself seemed dirty; rusty poles and dirty concrete around the pool; paint chipping off the ceiling... I just didn't get a clean; sanitary; slick feeling at all.  The guys locker room; particularly the showers; seemed very dingy and the lockers were quite small.  Considering this is Paradise Valley I was unpleasantly surprised.
Mmmmmm mmmmmmm GOOD! This is a TINY place with a LONG wait..... so if you just want a regular old pizza in a couple minutes; you wont be happy visiting this restaurant. This restaurant is quite famous and everyone has wonderful things to say about it so I had to try it and put in my 2 cents. I met a co-worker here one Friday evening (pretty busy) and I have to say that I was blown away! We were able to get a small table outside and enjoy a bottle of wine from next door; as we waited for a table. If you're not in a rush and enjoying your company; the wait of 45-60 minutes shouldn't be a problem. As we were seated; yes you notice that you are a little crammed but if you can get over that fact and enjoy a quant little authentic different place to eat you will enjoy yourself. The pizza is cooked brick oven style; has thin crust and is a little burnt around the edges..... OLD SCHOOL! The pizza sauce and the fresh topping make this pizza yummylishious! I liked that it was thin crust; not full of grease and wasn't your normal pepperoni or olive pizza! Fresh basil leaves; round fresh sausages..... just FRESH! Everyone who worked there was very nice and knowledgeable about the menu. The menu isn't huge; but they have a variety of pizza; salad and appetizers to choose from. They are also pretty quick with getting the pizzas out; so once you have waited for your table; there is not too bad of a wait to get your drinks and food.I would recommend this place for more adults on a date night then families. It is family oriented; but it's so small having larger groups is harder for them to accommodate. If you don't want to wait very long I would say try visiting this place on a week night; before the dinner rush. I enjoyed Bianco's and will definitely drive the 40 minutes again to have dinner here!
Came here with my sister and brother in law for New Year's Eve. What a wonderful decision. We had 7pm reservations and it was nice to arrive and be seated immediately. The place was busy; but very well organized. The food is good; but I have to say it's the overall experience that earns the five stars. Tonight; that experience was facilitated by a very delightful server by the name of Lisa. We had the French onion cheese fondue for starters; I had a Caesar salad. The pine nuts are wonderful; I think they were candied; which added a great sweet and savory component. We went with the coque vin (sp?). It is really a great broth for the entree. We did the cuts and added a couple lobster tails. All wonderful. Then dessert. Oh my yum. We went with the snicker doodle which was chocolate; peanuts; butterscotch schnapps; and baileys. Wow. As if we weren't already full. It was like we were addicts and couldn't stop. Until we realized if we kept going it wasn't going to be pretty. The meal included champagne toast and they gave us each a swag bag which included their wonderful wine salt and a voucher for $25! They also took our picture and we each got a framed copy as a momento. I was very impressed. Usually I like to go all out for New Year's Eve and go out and hit up a party scene. This year I wanted something low key with family and The Melting Pot gave 2012 the perfect send off. I want to give a special thanks to Lisa for being so tremendously awesome. PS - I joined yelp just so I can review this place!!!
I know it was the weekend before Christmas; but this was nuts! I am disabled and have a very hard time walking a lot sometimes. No electric carts to be found. When I asked; the associate said they didn't have any. Talk about being disabled unfriendly! Never again!
I cannot sing their praises loud enough.The customer service here is over the top. Free tire rotations and a pull up air service which is perfect for lazy little me. I buy all my tires here and if I ever have a leak or a nail; they service it FOR FREE. They have a great magazine selection and you can schedule appointments online.Awesome!
My family and I are looking for an excellent Vietnamese place last Dec 19th for my son's birthday since he has been craving for Pho.  I picked this place due to the good reviews.  Boy; was I wrong!  The entire family was disappointed with the food.  They are definitely cheap -- you do get what you paid for.  Place is old; greasy floors and looks very small.  My husband and I order the bbq pork combo and the well done pho with tendons.  The meat on the pho was extremely dry and there were barely any tendons.  The soup base was ok.  The bbq pork was dry as well; the egg thingy that came with the combo was bland and the eggroll was too oily and bland as well.  The guy also came out to tell us that they ran out of rice -- we were shocked!  OMG! This is an Asian restaurant and rice is part of their meals; why would they ran out of rice at 7pm??  The other people that came after us had rice on their plates except for us.  They also got their food first before we got ours!!!  We also got the shrimp rolls which were dry as well and the peanut sauce was bland.My family are definitely not coming back here for sure!!  Very disappointed considering it has good reviews from other yelpers.  I guess some people opts for quantity rather than quality.  Such a horrible experience!!!
Hotel is ok. Relatively clean. Staff was efficient. Biggest complaint is that the room air conditioning is adjustable BUT the room temperature does not change. My room was too warm. Made it hard to sleep.
Trendy is not always good when it comes to sushi. This place screams decor over substance. Waitress had to apologize for essentially ignoring me when I first entered; her excuse was she was more interested in her coworkers new purple hair than my eating needs.Tuna was a bit fishy (i.e. old) but the salmon was excellent. Neighbours having fancy modern rolls looked to be enjoying them; I stuck with the basics. A bit skimpy on ginger and wasabi; seaweed salad was good. Could get a bit loud later in the evening. Open late.
Delicious...thoroughly enjoyed my nutella and banana crepe.  The presentation was beautiful; the service was quick and friendly and the atmosphere is simple; but nice.  Definitely check this place out!
A few weeks ago I decided to get a facial here; I've been here before and they were ok; but not worth the expensive prices. I decided to go again because there aren't very many places around this area to get a facial and the ones I've been to don't have the quality of the Red Door Spa.I walked in and the woman was very professional and courteous; and even remembered speaking to me when I called in. The spa attendant was absolutely on top of her job and the spa area was beautiful and well kept. I went into the sitting area and was called to my facial before I even had a chance to sit down. I was brought to my room and loved the fact that the bed was heated (I completely forgot and it was SOOO comfortable)!That's when my facial started to go downhill. The aesthetician was not very polite; to say the least; and didn't ask if I've been having any skin problems or if I'm allergic to anything. I did appreciate the hand massage/moisturizer; which made my hands soft for the rest of the day; but was very disappointed with the rest of it. Any time I asked a question I received a very curt response. I was told I need to change my skin care products; even though she never ONCE asked what I currently use; some of which IS Elizabeth Arden. I also told her I felt like what she was using was causing me to start to get a pimple (I went into the facial zit free); so she used some electric current thing on my face and said absolutely; for sure; no doubt about it; I wouldn't get a zit. The very next day I had a zit exactly where I told her I was getting one. On top of that; I got three more zits in the next two days. Obviously my skin was not happy with their skin care products and I won't be going back there for a long time; if ever.
Okay; so I'm not gonna review this Sonic. I mean; it's a Sonic. It is what it is. For fast food it's  okay; and they have a bigger variety of menu items compared to other fast food places; which is nice; but there's one think that irks me about THIS Sonic (when I would probably give most of them 3 stars)...they don't have an area where you drive up; park; place your order; and have someone deliver your food (and IIRC; occasionally by roller skates)! It's either drive-thru or walk-in; like any other fast food place!To me; the whole drive-up & park is Sonics thing. It's what sets them apart from other fast food places (okay besides the hot dogs; whatever that frito/cheese thing is; the sandwiches on toast; as well a gazillion types of drinks). Sorry (this) Sonic; but I've experienced better.
The store is fine. I like the Fresh & Easy chain as well as all of their store branded products. This location is clean and always has good sale items and coupons floating around out there. The service on the other hand is almost non-existent. None of the employees and/or management have EVER looked up from what they were doing; said hello or offered any assistance. They are cordial when asked; but nothing more.
What a great place! In addition to the physical facilities; which have been restored and maintained in their Rat Pack splendor; the staff is so accommodating and professional. I have stayed here several times since discovering the Valley Ho a few years ago; and it never disappoints. The guest rooms are lovely (even the smaller ones; and the suites are spectacular!); the common areas are beautiful; and the food and libations are delicious. From the moment you drive up until the minute you check out; this place is comfortable and delightful - a spot to get away from it all while enjoying all the perks of Scottsdale. A real treasure!
Great food...good service....gorgeous bartender!  What more do you need?   Oh.... Good prices too!  Try a combination plate to sample more items.
I have been to this sushi place at least a half dozen times. The first couple of times I really liked it; the sushi was inexpensive and had good sized portions. After going a few times; I began to notice how bad the service was. The waitresses are rude and act as though you are wasting their time. They bring out the food in the strangest order as well. Today when I went (which will surely be the last time I go) they brought out miso soup and the sushi I ordered at the same time; followed by my dad's stir fry and followed much later by the sushi my mom ordered. And the edamame came last. Very strange.One thing that I noticed today in this particular location was that the entire place smelled like cat pee or a litter box. We sat there for a minute once we sat down trying to decide if we should leave or not because the smell was so terrible. Then; a group sat down at the table next to us and immediately started talking about how terrible it smelled. We gathered that the carpets in the restaurant were a little wet so they had just shampooed the carpets and had not let them air out properly to dry so they started to smell sort of like a wet dog. Which was disgusting.Of the rolls I ordered today; one was the Vegas roll. I've had many of these at many different sushi places. Traditionally; there is cream cheese; salmon; tuna and yellow tail and some other stuff. The vegas roll at Sakana was a huge chunk of cream cheese; a huge hunk of salmon and some cucumber. No other types of fish. Eeek. The only flavor that stood out was the salmon. So naturally since the roll was no good; I didn't eat it and when the waitress asked if I wanted a box; I said no; the roll wasn't good at all; I didn't like it. Instead of taking it away and asking if she could get me something else to try; she leaves the roll on the table and walks away to get the check; which she left the Vegas roll on. The whole thing that irritates me about this place is that I know this review will not make a difference. Even though I have had several bad experiences here; every time I go it is completely packed. There is something about this place that people seem to love and I just don't see it.
I've had their dinner numerous times & have always enjoyed it; but this is the first time I've had their breakfast;  and I've got to say..... DAMN! I absolutely loved it! I had the green pork & eggs & my husband had the green chilli biscuits & gravy. Both were phenomenal! They have a Benedict that looks great. We will definitely go back. If you like spicy New Mexican breakfast; you have to check this place out.
If you're looking for style at a reasonable price; the Valley Ho is it!  Yes; you can stay at a chain hotel with perfectly decent rooms nearby for less.  You can also stay at a one of the big Scottsdale resorts for A LOT more. Check in/out is nice and efficient; and the valet guys are super helpful; even if you don't have a car.  The beds are comfortable; and the bathtub in my room was deep enough that I probably could have dove into it.  The only thing missing (unless I somehow didn't see it) was a full length mirror.  Valley Ho powers that be; please add one before I come back to visit next year. :)The hotel is also within walking distance of many good restaurants; coffee shops; etc.; if you want to venture outside of the hotel to eat.  There's also a Circle K just across the parking lot; that came in handy for the occasional soda/candy bar craving (and for one of my friends who inadvertently forgot to pack ALL his toiletries).  If you don't mind a little longer walk; Scottsdale Fashion Square is just a couple of miles away.  The hotel's location is convenient to so much that you really don't need to rent a car if you're coming for a business conference at the Valley Ho.
I am such a pizza lover; so I am a big fan of this place; I have tried everything. any kind of pizza. Everything was great. Sometimes service is slow. Anyways; it is one of my favorite pizza place!
9/8/12 ...Try pins colada drink!!! The BLT awesome!!!
Dukes is hands down my favorite dive bar in Scottsdale. I have had some major life events take place at Dukes; including a boyfriend dropping the L bomb for the first time. How romantic; right?! Anyway; I always have a good time at Dukes. They have about a million TVs; pool tables; shuffleboard; darts; Buck Hunter etc... Definitely a little something for everyone! I find their drinks very reasonably priced - it seems like they always have specials on beers and shots. The food is pretty decent for bar food. I'm a big fan of the buffalo style wings; they're nice and big and juicy. Nom nom nom! Dukes also provides a free cab service if you happen to indulge in too many spirits. Don't drink and drive; y'all!My only complaint is that once or twice I've caught some attitude from a bartender; but that's probably a fluke and service is usually fine for a dive bar.
This bar is the shit; probably my favorite in Phoenix. Great drinks; great people and great art! I could go off on how great it is but I'm not going to... JUST GO THERE! Tonight.. NO.. RIGHT NOW hahaP.S order the Leffe; its a great bear
I've been getting mani/pedi's forever. This wasn't very good despite choosing this salon from great reviews. I got gel polish that 'shrunk'...when i asked her to fix it she got irritated and said 'that's how it is'. Well it's not. The polish selection was terrible...few OPI colors and mostly off brands. And no less expensive than other salons. Won't be back.
I am a self-professed donut junkie. I love donuts and will try them from local places whenever I can. Bosa definitely did not disappoint!I had the Toasted Coconut Glazed and it was as fluffy and light as a cloud; with the perfect balance of donut and coconut flavors. I'd definitely go out of my way to eat one again! Also had the donut holes- it's a good thing that I only purchased a dozen. If it had been more; I'm pretty sure that I wouldn't have been to stop myself from eating every single one of them. Best donut hole I've had in a very long time. So good!If you love or even like donuts; this is a must stop; you will not be disappointed!
I have been to the other site in Phoenix; so I was excited to see one near me. Had early breakfast to celebrate New Years. Had the traditional Eggs Benedict. Really yummy. The hollendaise was perfect; as was the poached eggs. Even the muffin was better than most. Sweet potato lots are crisp and tasty. Will come back again not only for the food; but for the great service.
Great alternative to the now defunct Sweet Tomatoes. A huge unlimited salad bar with tons of choices and all very fresh. Also included is a choice of 3 different soups; tacos with all the fixin's; wings both hot and mild; and pasta and meat ball sauce too.Nice clean decor and good friendly help.
I really like amore pizza and wings.  I have had their pizza; wings; sandwiches; and I think they are all delicious.  In fact; it's my favorite pizza place.  Also; I think the owner is really great. The only bad thing I have to say is that one time when I called for a delivery; the guy who answered did not know what he was doing; but that has been my only bad experience.
great food; solid service; wonderful ambiance - one of the best mexican restaurants in Phoenix
It started off as a crush; but now I think I am in love.  I went here for the first time on a  'Girl's Night Out'.  It was fun; with a great atmosphere; pretty people and good service.  Then there was a loooooong gap in time and Mabel's had faded away as a mere distant memory of a cute bar I once went to.  Then; finally; a few happy hours and I eventually met Chele.  She is the amazing bartender who wooed me many an evening at Mabel's with her bartending prowess and dazzling gin drinks.  Unfortunately; for all of you reading this now; she has left for New York city to concur the bar scene there and I wish her the best.  My favorite Chele conversation: I have always worked in speakeasy kind of places since I started bartending; so I know lots of old-timer drinks and martinis; but the down side is I don't really know the 'younger' drinks.  And I say; Well; what do you mean? And Chele replies; Well; this college girl once ordered a Tic-Tac; and I asked what is in a Tic-Tac.  And the college girl replied in her most valley voice possible; how do you NOT know what is in a tic-tac; it is an 'ASU-thing'''...and what did Chele say??? Well honey this is not ASU  Priceless; and what makes it better is I don't think Chele is much older than 25!  Man; I am going to miss her.So; this is not even the climax yet.  I also stumbled in another random Tuesday evening to witness the filming of Mob Wives.  Not that I am a Mob Wives fan but it was funny to watch 'reality' TV being arranged...Finally; the point this relationship really turned into love was right before Christmas.  I was out on a cold Thursday night with 2 of my girlfriends; whom I had not seen in a long time.  The beginning of the night had been ruined at another drinking establishment; and the evening seemed to have been forgone and Mabel's was our last hope.  We must have looked defeated as we walked in the door; because after we sat down a fine gentleman came over to ask what we were drinking.  I looked at him closely and thought; he does not look like a server...it was one of the owners.  He introduced us to our fabulous waitress; Christina I think; and our evening was perfect from that point forth.  We also met the General Manager who was just as outstanding.  After 3 hours of many cocktails; shooters; good times and a cab ride later; I knew I had found my new favorite bar in Old Town.
This was my second time coming to Le Le's and I'll certainly be back for more. My nail technician; Tina; was wonderful too. Maybe it was because the place wasn't too busy but she took a lot of time on my nails; really making sure each one was finished to perfection.  It is usually pretty quiet inside; which I happen to love.  I prefer sitting and reading a magazine/relaxing rather than the common nail salon gossip/chatting.  I got a pedicure and acrylics with gel for only $48. Legit quality with a low price tag.
Went Yesterday;  They have happy hour 3-6 and then start burger specials at 6:00 pm for $5. Good food; not really freshly made; but was editable; and the service; our waitress was a sweetheart; and slammed. So under the circumstances we will be back.
We went to copper blues for a couple of beers and appetizers before a Suns game and then went back the next day for late night drinks and live music.  The atmosphere was fun. The bartenders and waitstaff were knowledgable and friendly. They have SO many beers and ciders on tap to choose from. The live music was an added bonus! Would definitely recommend this to anyone; especially from out of town.
The concept of this movie theater is awesome. We wish that they had these back in Cali only because it's nice to know that we have reserved seating and not have to wait in line hours in advanced for a premiere showing. We can walk in to the theater literally seconds before the movie starts knowing our seats are still there.
Food was decent.  great atmosphere though.  great place to hang out. plays great music at a decent level.  (some may think its loud; if they are older)  Plasmas everywhere.
Much better than the abomination that is Outback.  Better than Firebirds.  Not as good as Ruth's Chris or Flemings.Great place for lunch as the burgers are great (although the fries are not good).  For dinner; it's ok.  The wedge salad is forgettable.  The crab stuffed mushrooms were pretty good; but a little too much cream cheese.  The sides (mashed potatoes for my wife and a loaded baked potato for myself) were ok.    The steak (bone in rib-eye for myself and a filet for my wife) were very flavorful.  Although not prime cuts; the preparation was very nice.  I usually prefer broilered steak.  This was the first time I really enjoyed a fire grilled steak.  An added plus was that the rib eye actually was mostly eye.  A lot of places will give you a rib eye and the eye is as big as my thumb.  Not here.   I appreciated that.
The food is very good. Nice atmosphere. Service is slow from time to time.
Upon first moving here 2 years ago; I had the worse experience attempting to get an airbrush spray tan at this salon. They had only 2 people at specific times that could spray you custom. No problem showed up and the tech could not figure out how to use the gun. So awkward enough him being a male and standing there naked; I oopted to get my money back after waiting 20 min. Well a couple months back they ran a deal for Versa; Which is a booth spray tan. I love this booth..it is like airbrushing but private; and this spray tan absolutely does not smell or stain your sheets! I found this upon leaving Denver; CO. and just fogot until I saw it online oneday on living deals for Amazon.:) one down two to go..all for $29 :) love! As far as the gym goes; never used it!
Love this place! It always has any kind of candy you could ever want! It has nerd ropes; candies from the 50's ect. This store is the type of place that is made out of dentists nightmares.
Really fun; cool environment with well educated staff who can be testy at times but are generally good natured and will spend the time if they have it. Coffee shop environment and a good place to hang with a couple friends.
I loved this place!  Cute Christmas lights; indoor and outdoor seating (with heat lamps); and delicious (and strong) limoncello. Fabulous date night. My boyfriend's calzone was clearly burnt to a crisp on the top; which he took off. When the waitress came by to ask about the meal; he told her and she just said sorry. A little disappointing; but the freshness of the ingredients sang to me and my little pizza was perfect with asian pear; arugula; and gorgonzola. I liked it so much I had the left overs for breakfast the next day. I would love to go back. The crust also had the perfect bite and flavor. Yum!
Was ok
Awesome weekend brunch; best bloody marys; wonderful staff & service. They have a really good happy hour during the week too. This is my Cheers.
I hate giving bad reviews; but this place was just Meh.  I always judge a coffee shop by their *OMG* coffee (drip coffee that is).  It's impossible to judge good coffee with all the syrups and sweets people put in them.  Don't get me wrong; I enjoy a good dessert coffee once in awhile.  On this occasion I stopped in during the mid morning and their coffee was really bland.  It isn't as bad as freeze dried...but it's not any better then I can get from Circle K.
Absolutely perfect! I hosted an event here earlier this week for a party of 60. From the rooms; to the food; to the spa....I can't think of one thing that could've been better. We host many events throughout the year at luxury properties and this was the best one in the past 5 years. This is what hospitality should be! Special shout out to the group sales staff (Claudia Lockwood) and the manager of IlTerrazzo (Katherine) for amazing  group event planning. And; a special thank you to Tom Buckley for the quick a/v solution at the last minute. From the check in process to the servers....they were all spot on! We will certainly be hosting more events and I can't wait to visit again with my family.
A cute little cafe with great decor; and serving an assortment of sweet and savory crepes! They also have a reeeally nice women's bathroom!It's a great place to meet with friends or study; but as for the crepes; I've had better. Although they are reasonably priced; the ingredients don't seem that quality. (Maybe I'm spoiled from Crepevine) I ordered a turkey pesto crepe expecting actual turkey but it was just a couple pieces of packaged turkey slices. And though the pesto was tasty; it was clearly a store-bought spread. And the crepe itself was so-so. Guess I'll have to try a sweet crepe next time...Also; the waitress wasn't that friendly; and the overall customer service wasn't great.
Love Orangetheory (OTF).  I've been a member since they opened this location and I work out 3-4 times per week here.  They have TONS of class times and all their trainers are really awesome.  I was really out of shape when I joined the gym and my fitness level is immensely better since I started my OTF workouts.   I really like all the trainers.  It you REALLY want to work hard; try Darren's workout...  he does this BRUTAL 5-minute squat/lunge section that is so hard (but so good for you)!  Everyone there knows the clients who walk in the door; and they really take their time to help anyone new to learn how to participate in the workout.  It is not the cheapest workout in town - but it is DEFINITELY the best - really well-worth the investment.
Pizza is spicy and sweet.  Lovely
delicious vegan food! i always have to eat at green every time i am in phoenix. this time i had thee argentine po boy. it was great! the staff is always so friendly here; too.
Ok; so Phoenix has a lot of consignment shops; but this is the first one I've seen that sticks to outdoor gear and attire. Despite the simplicity of the buy; sell; consign idea; this outfit has a lot of nice stuff and Matt is super easy to work with. He's an honest guy with a great personality plus the business and outdoor knowledge to make this a success. It's finally nice to meet a serious cyclist and shop owner in AZ that does not have the elitist attitude. Matt is pretty laid back; polite; and humble. Onto the merchandise. If you're into the reduce; reuse; recycle idea this is your place. If you're into new stuff; this is also your place. The two times visiting the shop; I have found gear and books for cycling; skiing; kayaking ; camping; hiking; and more. Obviously Matt stocks more used items because that is the business model; but you can find some quality new cycle clothing and parts. Here is also where the beauty of the shop exists; every time you visit Salvation Outdoors there is going to be new gear and inventory that could be perfect for your next adventure. Don't quote me on this; but my guess is that Matt also has the ability to order new items from suppliers. One area that I will definitely mention is the bike service. Matt has all the tools to do simple repairs or major overhauls. He was reworking a bottom bracket the first time I stopped in. The prices he mentioned for both services are reasonable and even a little less then I've seen at other shops in town. Across the board; prices are very fair and I noticed some downright bargains while perusing.Pictures just don't do this place justice. If you're in the neighborhood; do yourself a favor and stop in for 15 minutes. You might just find what you're looking for. Looking forward to see if any groups begin using Salvation Outdoors as their safe haven to kicking off week night and weekend group exercise events. If anyone in the neighborhood is interested in starting a meetup here; shoot me a message and we'll get something in the books.
I know people who rave WILDLY about Raising Cane's; but I just think it's okay. I've eaten their twice; once drive-thru another I ordered inside. The service is quick and friendly and the restaurant is always clean. If you want something flavorful; I would suggest going somewhere else. But if you have a chicken tenders craving; you probably can't go wrong here.
We hired FlashBash PhotoBooths for our holiday party with about 400 people in attendance.  We were anticipating about half the people wanting to use the booth; and a short 3 hour window of time after dinner.  I was absolutly THRILLED with Ali and Mick; who were amazing.  They had everything set up well ahead of time; and were very accommodating to pass out wristbands at our request to use the booth.  They went above and beyond; and I was able to enjoy our event as a guest knowing they had everything in complete control.  Our pictures were up and ready to download the next day; and within 2 days I recieved a full CD of all the photos; and a very nice thank you from Ali and Mick. I would refer FBPB to anyone wanting their event to really stand out.  The picture quality was amazing; much better than those booths that spit out a grainy photostrip.  We had pictures full of people because their booth held up to 12 people; and our employees can't stop talking about how much fun it was.   Cheers to an amazing company with great customer service; professionalism; and quality!
Great food! I have been to one of the other locations on Southern and both are amazing! My favorites are the seared ahi with hummus and the grilled vegetable entrée!
If you are looking for a place to have your wedding or event; look here first.The grounds are beautiful. The staff is extremely accommodating. We're talking you bring your own food and they will set up and serve it for you. Very unheard of in this day and age.Guests leave happy and; let's face it; isn't that what weddings or special events are about?
perfect place to sit and enjoy some delicious coffee in a relaxing environment with friendly staff and vegan items available; as well.
Great salsa and I love the tortilla soup.
This is a nice neighborhood Italian place that I forget to visit often enough.  This last visit I had the veal cannelloni which was heavy but very good.  The caprese salad was just OK.  The tomatoes and mozzarella didn't really impress me. My friend loved every bite of her spaghetti.
This Outback is my fav IN ALL of AZ. :) Not only Is happy hour all the time; but the staff is very nice. The food isnt' fresh but; like I said the booze and staff are great!!!
We went to this restaurant last night and noticed that the prices have gone way up; so I had settled for expensive plate of simple chicken when my husband and I noticed that a small roach-like bug was crawling up the wall behind us. We were seated just on the other side of the kitchen; right below the window to look inside of it. We told our server who got the manager. He said oh it's just a stink bug and grabbed it with a tissue and threw it away. We asked for a new table and he went to find a new one. While he was gone (about 3 minutes) another critter started crawling up the wall and went right under the wood by the window into the kitchen area. At that point we just left. It was really disgusting. We have always loved their food; but I think it's going to be a very long time before we can go back there and we will not recommend this place to anybody again.
Back when this place was Katz's Deli; I looked at the grungy; pallid walls; the worn vinyl booths; and the dreadful florescent lighting and thought to myself: Wow; this place would look better gutted. And yes; yes it does.Nice brunch menu that's priced surprisingly well; comfortable atmosphere (and really nice booths); good coffee and service with a smile. New favorite.
I started going here when I got  a Groupon for a massage.  I really liked the massage from Stephanie.   Her massage was great.  She did a really nice job - and I'm pretty picky about my massage therapists.  When I finished my massage; there was no pressure to buy a massage package; but I did anyway because it was such a great massage and very well priced if you buy a pack of 5.  My only (small) complaint is that because Stephanie is really good; her schedule fills up - so it takes about 6 weeks to get an appointment if you have any schedule preference.  Overall - good massage and good value.  I'm looking forward to my next massage in a few weeks!
Very disappointing morning.  Wanted a great breakfast; but instead received NO service.  Waited 10 minutes to get waited on - and nobody came over to even say hello.  The place was not busy - 5 tables of people with over 5 staff available.  Had to leave after nobody could even say hello.  Sorry to say....won't be back.
I've been going to The Good Egg for years. This particular location has had one of the worst service I've ever experienced. To begin; they reduced the portions and increased the prices. I understand that with economic times becoming burdensome that many restaurants are either increasing the prices; decreasing the portions; or both. However; if you are going to reduce the portion sizes; please do not reduce the quality as well. The food appeared as if it was quickly thrown together and tasted bland (this has happened on multiple occasions); the server hardly came to our table; and my order wasn't prepared correctly. If you are going to have food that is bad quality then your customer service better be out of this world to compensate. Unfortunately the service was; and has been; lacking as well. The cashier; who has also been there for quite some time; is  one of the most cranky; unfriendly; and rude individuals that I've ever come across in the restaurant industry and; believe me; I've worked in the restaurant industry for years. I think that she has gotten complaints before and been talked to about it because during my previous visit she appeared to be forcing a smile (which was creepy rather than comforting). Maybe the management finally decided to do something about it- whatever the case may be; it should not have taken 3 years to change someone's attitude. When I go out for breakfast I want it to be a positive start to my day; not one that leaves a bad taste in my mouth. Pun intended.
Best beer selection in the valley!  If you are an explorer perpetually looking for the best beer man can brew; this is place you may find a new beer.  I am a fan of live beer.  Non pasteurized foods including beers.   If you want  beer you don't get everyday; this place; for those who need a laboratory for beer inquiry and investigation.  Same owners and Topps Liquors in Tempe.
The appetizers here are very good - both the crab puffs and the potstickers were solid.  The entrees are less so - the garlic chicken was okay but not great; the moo shu was meh. Huge chunks of veggies in the moo shu made it hard to eat; actually.  I also had the sizzling rice soup; which was pretty good though the broth could use a little more richness.
Thanks to a GolfNow online steal of a deal; I spent the Saturday before Christmas playing one of the best golf courses in the Phoenix area.  Considering the competition and the fact it's a very short course by today's standards; that's saying something about this particular venue.  The Phoenician has three 9 hole tracks (the Oasis; Canyon and Desert).  All three are unusually short with any combination of the three not coming near 6;500 yards in length.  It's perfect venue for any short hitter needing that extra advantage over a long hitter.  Word of mouth seemed to suggest that the Desert (the newest) is the best of the three with the Oasis lagging significantly behind the other two.  From my experience; this is a gross oversimplification.  I played both the Canyon and Oasis courses and I can say quite definitely both are on par with each other.  Excluding the 8th and 9th holes; the Canyon offers a more desert golf experience while the Oasis gives the player the feel of south Florida.  Both courses; and I can only assume it applies to the Desert track; were immaculately manicured and offer some of the best photogenic golf eye candy in the area.  The tee boxes were cut perfectly for weekend play; the fairways were well defined; the rough playable and the greens fast and true.  The course and golfing experience aren't perfect here; though.  The clubhouse grill is priced to gouge even the Donald Trumps of the world (who charges $24 for a bacon and cheese sandwich with tator tots?) and the on-course service is priced similarly ($6 for Powerade??)   Add to this fact that playing this course is routinely priced to rival Wildfire; Troon North and Greyhawk and the TPC courses.  Are these tracks worth paying over $100 to play during the peak season?  For both locals and snowbirds; I'd have to answer that with a no.  It's a phenomenal layout with beautiful vistas but the fact remains you can get on courses in Phoenix of equal value or; in some cases; better (Vista Verde) value for less than half of what the the Phoenician charges for greens fees during the peak months.  I highly recommend playing the Phoenician but don't go broke doing so...
All I can say is YUMMMMM!!!  Also; a helpful hint because these delicious treats are a bit on the spendy side; friend them on FB and they have daily passwords and you get a free cupcake for saying the password for the day!  It makes me feel like I'm in a fun little cupcake club!  Beautiful clean store and always friendly employees and a handy location.  What more could you ask for?
My dream restaurant!  I wish we had one here in MI.  I'm fortunate to get to visit my mom in Scottsdale many times a year and always forget to review the places we dine when I'm there. So; here is one VERY deserving review.  The menu makes you want to try everything.  On my many visits I've had fish tacos; spaghetti squash; kale salad; veg crudites; shiitake lettuce cups.  ALL so clean; fresh and delicious. From what I understand most of the food is local and bought from sustainable sources and it reflects in the finished product.  They offer such a fun variety of drinks and many different healthy concoctions for those that don't want to imbibe.  The service is top-notch and I have never had even one remotely bad experience with the staff!  My mom is lucky enough to live near The Quarter and gets to go here often.  She even carrys-out at least once a wk.  JEALOUS!
Order a pizza  for delivery. The $10 special; looked good on TV. It was the WORST pizza that I have EVER had. The thin crust was thicker than the topping; the very minimal topping; little sauce; very little cheese; thin amount of topping. After ONE bite; we boxed it up and went out to get something to eat. Absolutely Horrible.
Seriously bummed when we found our neighborhood Fry's.  After moving North I was excited to see what the area Fry's would be like.  Well; it's not what I'm used to.  Not a big selection; seems narrow in the aisles and the customer service is just there.  I opt to go elsewhere these days unless they're running a helladeal on milk.  Not worth it.  (I'll drive to Tatum and Shea for the good stuff!)
Ditto on the rudeness.  Perfect from William B in another review: Girl at counter.  Real harsh and angry.  probably not the best choice for any business.  Oh my goodness....with the eye rolling and sighing!!!  She had to credit me my PREPAYMENT back (no other cleaner does that) so I could gather my garments back and take them elsewhere.
Literally the only place I can count on to get worse every time I go. Used to be good about 5 years ago. Breakfast burritos were the only things that were worth while back then but at least they were good and consistent. Now the food; service; every single thing is pretty much terrible. Los Taquitos is a stones throw away and is probably the best Mexican food in the general area so there is no reason to waste time / money here.
Thank goodness. A clean; bright space with fresh and fabulous breakfast options; great service; no rush. Pay attention LGO... A run for your money in your 'hood. Thanks JC; perfect service. We'll definitely be back.
I ate lunch here a few weeks ago and had a good; cheap; quick meal.  $6.99 for an enchilada; taco; rice and beans...what a deal!  Good chips and salsa too!
I had already seen the reviews and known this place would not be the same quality as the usual CPK's.  But a 7  minute wait for the Works pizza is not bad.  The other options at the airport didn't look too appetizing to me in the limited amt of time I had.  Taste was more like the usual pizzas you could get at the usual lower quality pizza chains; so I didn't feel like it was worth the money I was shelling out for this versus other fast food places.  Pizza also looked a little overcooked.  But I two stars since it didn't taste bad; wait was fast; and people at the counter were nice.
Really enjoyed the food and service. Delicious ribs and brisket. Mac & cheese was different; but very tasty. The owners were extremely attentive and friendly. Very reasonable prices...four of us ate for less than $40. Go try it out and support a local business
We noticed this place when we were on the way into and out of Cowboy Ciao next door the day before (see zero star review); so we checked out the Yelps and figured we'd give it a go.  Like night and day; this place was the polar opposite of its neighbor.  The service was terrific and the food very good.  They seem to change their menu regularly; so by the time you visit; they may have none of the dishes that we had.  For starters; we had the meatball dish and the braised leeks.  Both were delicious and I thought the meatballs were phenomenal.  For the entree I had the bucatini and my best girl had chicken.  Again; both dishes were delicious; and the portion size of the chicken was more than my wife could finish; so we left with an extra meal in hand.  The staff people were very helpful and friendly; and all told; we had a really nice meal.  Next time we're in the area; we'll make a return visit.
I absolutely love this nail salon.  I am under the understanding that it has recently changed owners.  I always go to Jacqueline and she is fantastic.  This evening my daughter(10 yrs old) and I went for a late mani/pedi.  Jacqueline waited for us and spent well over an hour on my pedicure alone.  Her attention to detail is excellent.  My daughter was treated well and fussed over by the entire staff.  I did not feel rushed as it was obvious we were there well past closing time.  They know how to treat customers at this business.  I will be back and will be sending more clients.
Not as many stores as I was anticipating... the crowds were horrendous; too. Vehicular ingress/egress needs some work. Poorly planned.
Who doesn't love Mimi's? It's a Great place. I just can't ever decide what I want off the menu; they all look so YUMMY. Make sure you sign up for their e-mail and you'll get a free 4 pack of muffins to go; when you're done. Can't leave without the heavenly chocolate ganache goodness! We usually go for brunch so the breakfast and lunch menu's seem a perfect fit; and the little kiddo's get free snacks while they wait for their meal. A pretty simple gesture that pleased this mommy.
I was very impressed with the Capital Grille. I just visited for my first time and had a great experience.The service was top notch. The waiter was very helpful and always there whenever we needed anything. A manager even came by to check on us a couple of times. The valet recognized us and got our car quick when it was time to go. I can not recall the last time I had such excellent service.We ordered a lot of food and shared with each other and I have to say that everything I tried was really good. I am usually not a steak person; but the steak here was probably the best steak I have ever had.The only thing I really didn't like was that this restaurant was so expensive; but you get what you pay for; so I am sure that their prices were fair and reasonable; because both the food and service were outstanding.
Best Greek food in town. They could work on the atmosphere; so we get it to-go.
They went from Sugar to Shit.  There are much better prices and accuracy and quality in east valley.  They sen orders out.  You can do this yourself on-line with free shipping elsewhere.1st shirt.....  Great! It's why I came back.  Grade. A2nd shirt had uneven letter type (the L is same height as lowercase e) that I noticed after checking previous work when work went downhill.  Work:  B+ or B.3rd shirt....  Fast turn-around; but reviewed letters; and the lowercase L and e are same height; like second shirt.  Grade B4th order....  Nothing short of great.  Grade A5th order; great.  Grade A+5th order.... Wrong shade of yellow.  I DID NOT PICK ASU GOLD for a Jamaican Yellow.  There is no email; form; order verification or signature stating that I requested a color different than on the Apple monitor.  But; they make no mistakes...I don't even wear this jacket.  Ask any Jamaican and they would tell you ASU gold is not Jamaican Yellow.  Grade C.6th order....  Quick design and print turnaround.   Grade A-7th and final order...  Grade D.  Typo blamed on me.... I didn't print the shirt or fill out form or receive email to verify that spelling.  I offered to supply sweatshirt and they cover printing.  They wanted me to buy their shirt or supply one and pay the printing.No records of my selection of this spelling.  No email verification or order form.  Who will buy or wear a typo sweatshirt.  I took loss; not them.... They were paid.They gave me the Riot Act and runaround.  Called repeated before they remembered to contact owner.  They lost $300-500 worth of monthly business over $5 of actual material that they charge $20-25 dollars for over-head of prime real estate.  YOU ARE A DOLLAR SIGN; NOT A VALUED CUSTOMER.   His solution... Reduce his profit and offer discounted print charge; while I pay costs of new sweatshirt and $11 printing.PHUCK THIS PLACE...  Contact me for my new; printer that values customers over grubby profit.  His business experience and knowledge compared to these upstarts is Night and Day or Apples to Oranges or ASU to University of Phoenix.   Greed; pride always arise before the fall...  YOU ARE OVER-CHARGED FOR PROXIMITY  TO CAMPUS.  SHOP AROUND AND COMPARE IN TEMPE; MESA; SCOTTSDALE; CHANDLER AND PHOENIX.  Many more; established and experienced places that charge less.From Sugar to Shit....  They hook you with proximity to ASU; but send work out to the real printers.  Oh yeah....  You can cut out this middle man and pay less.  Contact me...  I can show shirts of their work.   I have proof....  All of the shirts on your display to save you and your group money and headache.I told him that my money is green and accepted throughout Maricopa County at other print shops.  He said he did not care.....  Wow!
I made this account just so I could do a review on this place.Ok giving this Mcdonalds 1 star as I will not be going there anymore.I just moved to Surprise in Oct. 2012 and so far been to this Mcdonalds 6 times. Out of the 6 times 4 of the orders were wrong. I'm reading other reviews and this stuff has been happening since 2009???? Really? I would think they would get things right.So on one of my orders; I order a chicken CBO burger; I get meat. Than on another order I ask for crispy chicken; I get grilled. The 3rd mess up I asked for a Fish sandwich. Let me say this again A FISH SANDWICH; and they give me a meat one again.  Finally today I ask for large fries and drink; they ring me up for large fries but give me medium drink. But not only that; when I first got the drink it wasn't even my drink! They were handing me food from the person behind me. They didn't even ask if this is what I order. Never have I been to a fast food place that messes up orders this much. It's a joke of a place. They can't say well other fast food places do this. No they don't! Not even other McDonalds do this! Maybe it's someone telling me to stop eating fast food when I'm too lazy to cook hahaha. But in any case I'm done going to this one.Edit: Oh and like someone else said; their fries have been super bad all 6 times I have gone there. They are never hot; only slightly warm and no salt at all on them.
New Years Eve...I'm teetering between choosing 2 or 3 stars; so I'll err on the side of positivity to kick off my first review of 2013. My first impression in dealing with the hotel staff was not the most pleasant. I called and was placed on hold for about 10 minutes by a clearly frazzled phone operator. When she came back online I wanted to do two things: 1) Verify our hotel reservation (the link in my confirmation email from them stated that my reservation could not be found) and 2) Check on the possibility for an early check in since I would be off work early on the 31st and didn't want to drive to the other side of the valley just to have to drive all the way back up to BFE Fountain Hills. So here's how 1 & 2 played out:1) The operator said she was not able to find my reservation either and asked me to call her back in 15-20 minutes so she could help me sort things out (weird...but ok whatever). Or if I don't call back; she'll research it later and call me back if my phone number was on the reservation that she couldn't seem to locate.2) Before she hung up on me I also asked to find out about early check in...then she said I would have to call them back the next day for information on that. Huh? I have to find out about early check in on the day that I would be checking into the hotel? If I was one of those people that like to have a plan laid out in front of me prior to beginning my journey; I would've been REALLLLLY ANGRY about that...but since I'm not; I was only very perturbed...not angry...just irritated. Anywho; I called back the next day and spoke with awesome Paul who was able to: 1) verify that my reservation was still active and 2) set up a 2pm early arrival time for me to check inWhen I got to the hotel; the parking lot was mercifully empty; I got rockstar parking (I didn't know about the valet until later) and checked in. The front desk ladies were very pleasant to deal with.Once in the room I noticed a couple of things; 2 queen beds instead of 1 king (not that big of a deal; at least they got most of the feathers out for me ahead of time!); both beds sounded as if oversized pandas had been having their freaky-deaky way on them and the squeaking was unBEARable...there was nothing that didn't cause them to squeak; even tossing my cell phone onto the pillow made it squeak...good grief!...but the ickiest was when I took my shower and the water wasn't draining. Gross!!!! So I called to the front desk to see if they would move us to another room; they said that the hotel was COMPLETELY FULL and that they'd just tell the supervisor about it later that evening. About an hour later I get a knock on the door and it's Mr. Hotel Repair-Guy (also a very nice person). (A heads-up that someone was coming by would be nice; it takes a while (for a modest lady like myself *giggle*) to change out of a bathrobe to let someone into your room. Needless to say; he was unable to fix the squeak even after dismantling the bed frame and mattress and said he would speak with the front desk...20 minutes later they had moved me next door. Nothing really said about inconvenience or anything...just we'll get you a new key and move you across the hall (couldn't we have done that an hour ago so I could've taken a nap before getting my NYE party on?). The hotel is ok (great job with the stone work); but really not worth what we paid for the night there ($340) for just a regular room with a view of the parking lot...no bueno!!  Also; we walked in to the hotel's New Years Eve party which was BEAUTIFULLY decorated...but didn't seem to be put together very well (and empty); I think most of the patrons must have gone over to the casino like we did to ring in the new year; and *CASH BAR* is a real turn-off when you pre-pay for an event like that. How about some drink tickets or something??
The service here is great. Food arrived quickly. Be warned they dont include utensils. But what was delivered was fantastic! I would describe the food here as healthy; flavorful asian fusion..... and that's lowballing it.  we ordered orange chicken; thai spicy chicken; broccoli beef & soup. everything was fantastic.Thai chicken is deliciously SPICY. The wonton soup should be called surprise soup bcuz there's a yummy surprise in the bottom. Try it! Best egg rolls. Try them too. Happy 2013!
Food is delicious and the staff is very friendly.   I personally love the Roasted Garlic Chicken Lasagna.  It is a twist on your average lasagna; and it is so delicious!   We will continue to come back and tell everybody we know about the wonderful experience and great food we have each time we come.
Like most; I'm prepared for mediocre food in airports.  This place is not.  The food was really very good; the portions hefty; and there are outlets to plug in a laptop all around the outside to boot.I had the guacamole (made in house; not shipped in) and it was great.  It's often hard to get good guac at restaurants that aren't in airports; so I think that says a lot about this place.  I also had the tortilla soup; which had lots of shredded chicken; was a large size; and was very flavorful.I will be heading to this place every time I go through PHX from now on.
As far as pizza goes; Cici's is fair.  The 5 stars is for the treatment my 4th grade students received when we went there on a field trip.You may be asking yourself...A field trip? To Cici's Pizza?  Why yes! It's all about FRACTIONS!  This is our yearly field trip to close out our unit on fractions.  The kids pay $3.00 and they get a fairly good sized pizza (I think it's their medium) and a drink.  They also get a tour of the kitchen.  When they finish their tour; they are allowed to build their own pizza.  They can put pepperoni's on their pizza however they would like.  They were kind enough to accommodate my student who is a vegetarian and gave her a few veggie options to choose from.  I also asked them to cut each pizza into different fractional parts...some were cut into 6; 8; or 10 pieces.  Each kiddo had to then calculate how much pizza they had eaten and other fun stuff!  Now for the 5 stars...the staff!  They were SOOOOOOOOO friendly and were eager to share their jobs with my kids.  They encouraged them to ask questions and were just plain awesome!  My kids and I (and our parent chaperones) had an amazing time.  The pizza was delicious; as the teacher; I got to make my own...looked horrible; but tasted delicious!  Thank you to the staff at Cici's for  making our field trip so much fun! We had an educational experience but also really had a blast!Thanks!
What a great dinner! I first came for a holiday party and then I came back with my girl for dinner. This place has a little something for everybody. The mussels and grilled calamari salad are amazing.
Its Denny's - what else is there to say...
Thank you for coming to Gilbert! I love greek; and there are 2 greek restaurants in Gilbert that I've tolerated. But My Big Fat Greek is my absolute favourite. I came on the first day it opened; and will come eat there for many more. It is probably one of the smallest Big Fat Greek's I've been to; but that's what I love about it. It has charming outdoor seating; beautiful interior; and a fun bar. I also really appreciate their happy hour prices ($4 appetizers & $5 mojitos!) and that they offer it 7 days a week. I think by now I have tried mostly everything on their menu and I have no complains. My favourites are the chicken & rice soup; greek style chicken wings; and flaming cheese. It's where the old Gecko Grill used to be; and since they have just opened there; it's a great place to eat on the weekends!
Excellent food (particularly the shish kabbab ) & great iced tea!!!Friendly service.Frequent this place often and only have had one negative experience (staff lost or forgot my order but they should have noticed my table was the only one without food).Reasonable prices (actually; it's cheap) but atmosphere is lacking (granted; it is a grocery store).
The atmosphere is intimate and cozy; the service outstanding; the Pho merely good; but the the prices were rather high which is why they are only getting three stars.  I would certainly go again; it's close to where my daughter lives so the convenience factor outweighs the higher price for the Pho than most other places charge.  The peanut sauce is so good I was tempted to drink it.  The Pho was missing the depth of the broth served at the Viet Kitchen; but was better than I've had at Pho Thang.  I am looking forward to going back and trying something else; maybe at Happy Hour so I can try some of their expensive specialty drinks.
Nails.  Indulgence? Maybe; but a girls gotta do what a girls gotta do!  The guy who used to do my nails disappeared...and if you have ever been in this situation; then you know exactly how I feel.  I've been searching high and low for a new place for my nails.  I think I found it.  Super friendly; very clean and they pay attention to details.  They don't try to upsell you or make you feel guilty for saying no. I went in for a fill and that's just what I got.  I showed her a picture of how I wanted my nails and she did it...exactly how I wanted them!  She told me that if I wasn't happy in the next few days; to come back in and she'd fix them!  I will definitely be a regular here.  (It doesn't hurt AT ALL that it's next door to Yogurtland!)
I thought my burger was dry.  Tasty sweet potato fries.  Good atmosphere and fun music.
KMart is a complete ripoff!!! Don't shop there!!!  They overcharge you for stuff and then give you complete crap when you try to get a refund.
Not a great location.  The selection of fragrances is sadly lacking and the customer service is sketchy at best.  The layout is chaotic and other than the fact that it's a pretty clean store; not memorable in anyway. (Except for the lack of selection!)  Slow check out as well!
This place is the typical cheap Chinese buffet. Not the best; but I haven't had food poisoning yet.
Some really nice stores but all the one's you find in pretty much every mall in America.  The great news is the area is aesthetically  pleasing.  There are some nationally known restaurants and everything is outside so it's easier to get closer to the business you want; unlike being in a traditional mall!I also like the events and marketing that takes place here.  You can bring your kids to the snow events during the Holiday's and it seems like there are always plans for something special each weekend.  Overall; this is a nice center and it's nearby.
The day that I went to eat here it was almost 2 in the afternoon and the place was dirty. There were 2 of us here and 7 employees and just about every table was dirty. I decided to ask for some napkins and cleaned my own table.  Once I got my sandwich I thought it was ok. I don't think I'll be back.  I remember Jimmy Johns from Illinois State University but this is definitely not the Jimmy Johns of ISU!
I can walk there and been going since it opened. I work from home and shop almost once a day. Very European being able to walk there and shop everyday.. Fresh baked Italian bread still warm for $0.98+++Most prepared foods...OK. Better than most. But I rarely get these.Because I normally buy just a few things I use the fast checkout and never have to deal with an employee.+++ I now have a hard time at Fry's; Safeway; etc.; as the checkers are soooo slow.Normal prices are often cheaper than the prices I see in other stores' adverts+++Some employees are very nice+++ But they seem to be doing everything possible to weed these people out.Most employees really; really dislike customers and dislike working there. They have no problem letting you know. Well you try working here is a common response while walking away and not helping. I limit interaction when at all possible. I actually buy wine elsewhere just so I don't have to deal with an employee.Hopefully someday they can get rid of the employees entirely...or pay enough to get reasonable people.Stay away from the checkouts with belts. When employees are trying to ignore customers they will pretend to bag your groceries. They hate customers and hate working there...I don't want them smashing my stuff...it's my stuff...not their own personal stress relievers. Asking them to not isn't really an option. They're too busy ignoring you to hear you. If you can get them to buzz off another soon takes their place. Apparently this is the fav chore in the store...smashing customer groceries. Looks like fun. Sometimes when I'm stressed I put on a green tee shirt and go there and bag other people's groceries. It is fun. Hey; maybe employees aren't actually bagging groceries??? I'm asking for ID next time.When the store first opened if something didn't scan correctly they gave you the item. That stopped after a few months. Buyer beware.Coupons..got a ton of them via email for things I normally buy. Decided to stock up. 32 cans of tuna type deal. 50% off and expire date of 2016; why not? Plus a $10 off for spending $50 and a 60% off ham. So about 50% off my total bill+++Dear Butt; prepare thee self...You have to scan the coupon once for each item; once for each can of tuna; etc. It's a computer; it knows I have 32 cans. Why would they make me do this? Maybe they hate me? Or think I'm into S&M because I purchased Cisco once?  They gave me the coupon...no limit on number...I assumed they wanted me to actually use it without having to bend over?I'm looking scanning coupons 73 times. Next time I will bring my pet monkey to help.More fun once bent over. Every 5 coupon scans requires an employee to sign in and enter a code; or at least pound the screen and mutter under their breath about what a dick I am for using a coupon. Maybe it's some high tech voice recognition system?  Required employee input 14 times. 14 chances for the employees to ignore me. 14 chances for the employees to mutter some new insult. Kind of like an Andrew Dice Clay show; but less funny...which I didn't know was possible.But luckily there's a computer screen helping you...oh wait; that would be if they didn't have 2nd graders programming these machines...or if they cared...even a little. After scanning a coupon the screen just says 40 cents off -- no item info. Also only maybe 6 lines visible...nice touch. Impossible to track. F'in Easy. Technically it is easy as it could have been harder. I mean they didn't actually make me shove a pen into my eye once per scan...although I think one employee did make the suggestion...but not my eye...and it wasn't a pen.5 stars not having to deal with employees most times. 0 stars when employees have to be bothered.
We had a nice long debate about whether to give this place 3 or 4 stars (from an account that has given 5 stars to pho places in the avenues). In the end; it came down to how well the restaurant met EXPECTATIONS.If you have been to Tucson; for example. a very comparable restaurant is Hub. Similar atmospheres and rich; hearty; flavorful foods. But that place is in crappy Tucson so; pretty much having some edison bulbs down there scores you a 5 star review on the 'hip vibe' alone. But Arrogant Butcher is in downtown Phoenix and has nearly 300 reviews around 4 stars. One should EXPECT more than the typical Fox template. The decor and service is excellent as expected.  However; the letdown came when; after enjoying the hummus plate and pretzel fondue; the angus cheeseburger came to the table. Good but so far below expectations. With all the other great items on the menu; they should have just axed the forgettable burger plate (or improve it to Zinburger status). Also; be aware that they stop taking reservations 48 hours in advance. So; though our wait on a Saturday night was only about 15 minutes; you may want to plan ahead.
You better come hungry because they pile on the food!  I never thought I'd like middle eastern food; but wanted to try something different from the daily chicken sandwich and burgers; and OMG!!! Come and get the chicken schwerma. I just have never had anything like it. The location is great but as you walk in you're going to wonder if you're in the right place. True hole in the wall gold mine!!
Great great food! Very nice owners. I have never had anything I did not like. The only bad part is when you get there too late and they have run out of something you were craving! This place is a must!!!!
Yelp scottsdale and Lindsey are A1A!!!!!!  this was the YELP of all yelp events i have been invited to thus far. although Tanzy has been around for 2 years; i haven't tasted food this good in a long time (re: Tanzy review). Reserved for only a few Yelpers; we had at least 4 pre-appetizers even before the realappetizers arrived. followed by 5 full on entrees and 2 desserts; it was a night of gluttony and revelry. wine was pour liberally and up on entry; we were greeted with a champagne flute. it was extremely elegant and i felt like i was in an LA or NYC social event. the venue was impeccable (even the bathrooms felt ultra high end). our hosts at Tanzy; from the executive chef whom served us the velvet bread pudding to the property managers who made rounds throughout the night...everything was...how should i say....PERFECT! i still can't believe i was a part of this event; a po-ass south georgia boy dining in such an incredible setting with an incredible group of folks; hosted by an incredible event organizer. Lindsey........oh Lindsey......how can i ever express my gratitude for having you as our leader?
This was my first visit to Green; and will not be my last.  I really loved this place; and after hearing co-workers rave about it forever; I'm glad I decided to give them a try.  My only complaint is that you have to wait in what could potentially be a long line to order your food.  I would prefer to order at the table.  This would not be such a problem on their slower days; but when they're busy; be prepared to wait awhile to order.  Not a good thing when you are starving!  Other than that; I think this place is pretty good!
I enjoyed myself here. Typical grocery store. They have all the necessary things. Pretty cheap prices but I don't know much about produce prices. They have a variety of things including an array of beauty products. They had a pretty decent section for meats and seafood. Nice and slow in the afternoon. Perfect! The check out lady was really sweet.
Place has a lot to like and a lot of potential.For the most part; great service; but slow drink service.  The salsa is good but not spicy.  They charge you for salsa refills. My 'catch of the day' was the Adobo Halibut. It was overcooked.  The mixed veggies were good.Bar area looked cozy and nice.  Will be back.
15 minutes after my wait in the drive thru of cash only I couldn't help but think about the negative impact this business has on the environment. I see several cars ahead of me receiving several bags of food. It starts to make sense why the wait; large orders. Finally my turn! I think to myself; this should be quick; my order is small... 6 more minutes later I finally get my change and food. What I learned about my stay at the window... One person's job is to check to see how many cars are coming while the other two prepare food; with no sense of urgency; I've seen molasses move faster. Upon arriving home I see my hot food is sitting in styrofoam. Nice Pete! My mushrooms are just water battered in salt and there is an excessive amount of chips. I generally don't like wasting food; but; as I am not a pig and all I wanted we're fish and mushrooms I did throw some away. I don't imagine this food ages well. Needless to say; I experienced them; I don't get it and I will not be back.
Just sold my car to CarMax today for about 20% of what I was led to believe I'd get. As it was a far drive; I called twice; with every detail needed and my personal concern about one issue. Fellow who wanted to handle deal told me twice that I'd get close to Kelly Blue Book. I didn't Was in no physical condition to drive the car back (had arrranged for someone to get me back); so had to bite it and take thousands less than I should have for the car. Yes; had listed on Net; but only for a few days because I needed to get car off street. IF the CarMax guy had told me the truth; I would have vastly discounted car online and if that didn't work; would have taken an offer from place I bought a new car. This way; I was lied to; wasted time; wasted energy. If people want to lowball you; that's one thing. The lying is what is inexcusable. I would NEVER sell them a car again. I would NEVER consider buying from them because if they lie like this to get inventory; I have zero faith in what it's like to buy from them. If you don't want to believe me; then I suggest you take your car to them first for their appraisal. Then list online and/or with dealer where you will buy. Go with best offer in your trimeframe. Do NOT trust anything not in writing from these people. Do not put yourself in a position of a far drive with another person to pick you up as you too will probably be sorry you did. THey'll make thousands on my vehicle because they lied. My options should have been based on honest information as honest information was provided.
At the service person's strong recommendation; we ordered the most expensive dish on the menu; Paella de Havana and a combination of their popular tapas plate while we waited for the paella(45 minutes).  The tapas and the mojitos were delicious.  They really got my hope up for the highly recommended paella yet to come.  Boy; were we disappointed!!!! The paella had lobster; clam; mussel; chicken; shrimp; chorizo.  Sounds good?!  The rice was mushy and very salty; all of the seafood and chicken were OVER-cooked; the lobster was hallow and had very little meat.  Overall; it's not worth $68.  If my review were based on the paella; it'd have gotten only ONE star.  But I'm giving it  three stars because of its tapas and mojito.
i love it!  the OMG sandwich is amazing and i often have cravings for it...their nutella mocha is awesome.  well.. anything w/ nutella is awesome :)
Conveniently located near the Scottsdale Fashon; this place is great for a nice lunch before you shop 'til you drop. The restaurant doubles as a marketplace; so you can buy some goods while you're there too.  The decor is clean and fresh and simply done.  Now on to the food.  The one thing to describe their food (at least the two dishes I tried there) is lots and lots of oil.  Maybe that's why it tasted so good.  The Funghi Trifolati flatbread was recommended.  The mushroom and arugula is a wonderful pairing for the simple dish.  The tallegio cheese stretches beautiful when I took a bite.  The only thing I wished was that the thin bread was more crispy.  It was too soft for my taste.  And of course they drenched it with olive oil.  The mushroom tortelli ordered was a light classic dish that was cooked wonderfully as well.  I preferred this dish over the flatbread.  The ravioli was cooked a bit adante which was great; and the flavors blended well with the mushroom.  What I remembered of the sauce was that it was light and drenched in oil again.  See the trend? :-)  But Overall; I would give a thumbs up for Olive & Ivy.Happy eating in 2013!
This review is long long overdue.  It's possible that I am a little partial since the Viet Kitchen was my first experience with Vietnamese food and Pho.  A friend took me to the Viet Kitchen almost 3 years ago and I have been in love with this place ever since.If they were close I would literally eat Pho there every other day.  Since then I've tried Pho in other places but keep going back to the Viet Kitchen.  They have the absolute best broth I've had anywhere to date.  The service is excellent.  After only about my 3rd time there the server not only recognized me but knew that I prefer the Pho Tai.  I couldn't remember which I got but she knew and made sure it was just as I like it.  What's most impressive (as if that's not impressive enough) I have been in with new people; have gone for many months without a visit and she still recognizes me and knows what I want; even how both my daughter and I like our water.Yes; the chairs are a bit uncomfortable; but I would sit on a nail bed for their Pho!!  Amazing place; amazing food; amazing service.  Can't get enough.
Any Yelper worth their salt knows First Fridays were way cooler when traffic on Roosevelt was closed off; and galleries moonlighting as venues like Modified Arts were in their prime. Gone are the days of actual art walks and modest; intimate live music. The novelty of urban culture and postmodern sophistication as a break from suburban strip malls has been diluted into a hollow; passive existence. Why spend your evening in a restaurant with 'gourmet' food trucks at your disposal? Why engage professional art when you can just watch some brat from Art Institute attempt to justify their $80;000 in tuition? But even as the quality of art and music wanes; such as the mellow timbre of a trumpet to the wooooob wooooob of dubstep; I feel First Friday has some redeeming factors that people who aren't familiar with the CenPho scene should check out. Scottsdale snobs are parking their Porsche and riding the rail. Bros in Metal Mulisha tees stop shotgunning Keystone and pick up craft beers with curiosity. First Friday funnels activity from what are normally more happening roads than Roosevelt; and channels it into a crowd brimming with interest and creative energy. Local businesses are making BANK (super important); and I hope the trend continues until all the bustling is a typical weekend. First Friday is still a-ok with me. Come with an open mind; and get ready for an adventure!
I am so impressed! I thought everything out here was just strip malls and chains. It made finding the place a little difficult. I didn't expect one large free standing building surrounded by desert; trees; and picnic tables.I walked in and was even more impressed. This place had options. The coffee shop is simply under the same roof as an olive mill. In one corner there are outstanding breakfast and sandwich options; gelato and pizza in another; and locally pressed olive oil sold in the center.The coffee; was great and the ambiance superb.
I agree with all of the recent reviews. Nachobot was awesome; amazing even! Rezbot; nothing special at all. Bring back Nachobot please!
This is my favorite Thai restaurant for lunch.  I of course get the Pad Thai which is always great.  But they also have a soup ans salad bar.  I can not tell you how much I love the hot peanut salad dressing.  I have also had a few of the appetizers and desserts and every single one of them have been fantastic.
Food was excellent as always!
If you crave buffet food then go here; lot of options for adults and kids. The chocolate water fountain and the cotton candy are two of my daughters favorite options. If you go with water as your drink you will pay around $10 like it says on TV but the drink adds $2.50 to the bill so its your choice.
YOU GUYS. Sandwiches are my favorite. No; they aren't fancy and they aren't gourmet (or they try to be gourmet; and they just end up being expensive) but they ARE a cornerstone of my diet. They are life. SANDWICHES FOREVER.Which Wich is a sandwich paradise. I usually really hate Build Your Own options; as I can't make up my mind and end up with a combo that's either underwhelming or just doesn't mesh. For some reason; I felt none of that here. There are ample options; but not a bzillion.I went with the black bean patty on toasted (duh) wheat with pepper jack (sufficiently melty); red onions; avocado; iceberg; tomatoes; bell peps; black olives and S&P.IT WAS DELICIOUS. The smallest size is 7 inches; which was more than enough for me.The avocado costs a dollar extra; but is worth it; as it's actual fresh mashed avos and not that weirdo green dip made up of scary tastes and textures. The black bean patty was really tasty and hearty. The veggies were fresh; although next time I might just skip lettuce; as there was a little too much and it didn't add much. The only thing I wished for was maybe a salsa option as a spread; since I don't think mayo or mustard really go with the flavor profile I put together. I see salsa as an option on their website so maybe I just need to ask. Next time!I'm eyeballing the hummus option and caprese option for future visits. And there will be many future visits!
Boobs and beer.  What else do you need?  We don't have The Tilted Kilt back east so I wasn't sure what to expect.I actually was pleasantly surprised.  The girls were all friendly and good looking.  From the few Hooters I have visited in my time they're usually trashy and skanky.  Not the case here.  We were greeted right away and found a place to sit.  I ordered whatever their own beer is.  It was good.  We ordered a few apps which were typical pub grub but not greasy.  The potato skins had a little kick to them which I liked.Our waitress Sarah was great.  Very friendly and helpful.  We also kept moving seats and this didn't seem to bother her.I would come back.
Had breakfast here this morning; prior to a doctor's appointment. While I was assured that everything I ate was gluten-free; it definitely wasn't (tummy troubles began 10 minutes into my meal... I was hoping it was just indigestion; but symptoms turned they way they do when I've been glutened). They have gluten free waffles and pancakes on the regular menu; so I went in with high hopes. I asked about the hash browns and sausage links and were told they were GF. I ordered the GF pancakes (which come as a side to the two egg breakfast). The pancakes had a very strange aftertaste (almost like there was cheap; not-cooked-out; too much vanilla extract... it was strangely alcoholic) and I wasn't convinced of the texture (VERY spongey). The hash browns were meh; plus I think they were the culprit. They tasted frozen (there's a certain texture that fresh hash browns have; and frozen hash browns are always suspect as most frozen potato products are coated in flour to prevent sticking together). While the ingredient list may not have listed gluten; would someone have noticed if it just said flour; especially if it didn't say wheat? I just don't know. They were also out of any caffeinated black tea. For breakfast. At a breakfast joint. I ended up with a passable green tea; but it wasn't fabulous.I won't be back.
I moved to Arizona in 2010 from Wisconsin and have been going to my mechanic for over 10 years..it was very hard to leave Wisconsin knowing my car would never be in his trusted hands again. I tried a couple different garages in search of a new mechanic to entrust my car with( I am the original owner of a 98 Honda Civic EX..bought it with 3 miles on it...now has 190K miles). I found a couple good mechanics; but their prices were just too much for my already tight budget to handle. I bought a Groupon for some oil changes from Car Guy and decided to give them a try. I know you can't really base an opinion off an oil change; but being in customer service; and being able to read people I got a good vibe from Gene and his crew.. I worked in a garage for 12 years as a master detailer and have been around cars all my life; so being a female I know enough to know when I am being told BS about the condition of my car. Gene never talked down to me nor talked technical lingo to confuse me; but he not only recognized that I know my stuff; but was also able to closer diagnose a problem i was having; even took me out to the shop to show me. His prices are reasonable in comparison to dealerships(which i refuse to go to) and he truly CARES about your car and you. All i gotta say is my search for a mechanic I TRUST is over I found him at CAR GUY!! I still keep in touch with my old mechanic bc i have bought two cars from him; but my current car and future cars will be serviced my Car Guy for as long as I live in Arizona and if I ever move back to Wisconsin it will be Gene and his crew that i will mourn the parting of ways of. Car Guy ROCKS!!!
Blah ! Blah Blah ! I Really don't understand the hype about this place. There was barely anyone in there.  I ordered the peppercorn burger and can't believe they charge extra for cheese. The service was spot on excellent but the burger itself was a load of disappointment and lack of flavor !On a sidenote; the manager of the restaurant was kind enough to write me and express his apologies for the poor experience. He did mention that they are trying to catch up to the solid reputation that hey have built at their other location in Arcadia. I thought the letter was a very nice touch and I may just give them another try based on that gesture alone.
two perfectly breaded and fried drumsticks; a vanilla waffle covered in maple syrup; the creamiest mac and cheese ever; fried okra; and a huge hunk of corn bread. yes; my extremely large ass ate all of that and i don't regret it for a second. this place is fantastic! the menu is full of all the favorites that my grandmother used to make me as a kid such as red beans; rice and gravy; cheese grits; fried okra; and any part of the chicken you want fried. you really can't go wrong. this place has something for everyone unless you're on some type of ungodly diet that doesn't allow you to have an epic cheat day.this location is decently sized but can fill up in a heartbeat. be prepared to wait about 30 - 45 minutes for a table. it might be a little long but its totally worth it. i also recommend trying out the many flavors of kool aid or the lemonade. delicious. for me; lolo's is a once a year type of thing because honestly; i couldn't imagine eating this on the regular and still fitting into pants that dont have an elastic waist band.
I think if you grew up in north Phoenix you automatically love this place - like Peter Piper Pizza. Now that I am a grown up and have found all the amazing Mexican restaurants in town; i think this place is garbage. The shrimp tacos were awful. The only reason I give it a 2 star is because the girl that waited on us was fantastic and sometimes that makes the experience.
Delicious organic; seasonal; and free range fare! Good portion sizes; great service; and reasonably priced! The veggie rice bowl with tofu and baklava are incredible!
I always feel bad to go out on a Holiday. My girlfriend really does not like to. Because;she says it makes the stores be open and people have to work on the Holiday.But; Today;(New Years Day) we went to Cracker Barrel.My girlfriend tipped very well because of the guilt.They were packed! We got a table just at the other end of the Fireplace near the window. It was freezing. I think because; they had all the fans on and it was only 52 outside. This is why only 4 stars;it was sooooo cold.Anyway; our food was excellent! Stephanie was our waitress; she was great!We ordered Breakfast even though it was 1pm. They will give you either one;breakfast or lunch. Another great thing about them.Even though they were so busy we still had great service and our food was awesome.I really wish they did not have to work on a Holiday; But; it was great so Thank you employees of Cracker barrel.Also we bought some stuff from the store they have some cool items in that little country store.
BTW the music played over there is in South Indian language Tamil.
I really like the food here. I am obsessed with the veggie-mon sandwich. I also love that they deliver; serve espresso drinks; and have a relatively friendly staff. Actually a GREAT staff; with wonderful customer service and the genuine attitude of a local business that cares about their customers. However it is hit or miss; because they seem to have a girl answering phones and taking orders who is a COMPLETE IDIOT. Not only is she an idiot; but she lacks any sense of customer service; and has a very bitchy what do you want kind of attitude with people. To call her mentally challenged would be an insult to the mentally challenged; seeing as I have dined there twice and seem to know a great deal more about the restaurant and the services they provide than this bimbo. I took two starts off JUST for her and if she is working or answering the phone when I come in; I will take my business elsewhere.
This place is amazing. cheap but great food and really nice staff.  the place has a great atmosphere with old Chicago stuff.  Their hot dogs are great. I personally love the chili dog.  The sliders are great too and  the french fries are the type that are amazing when warm but are still amazing when there cold.  You can also get authentic cheese fries; which accordingly to my girlfriend (a Chicago native) is nearly impossible in Phoenix. This is one of my favorite restaurants in Phoenix. We go to it at least 3 times a month.
This is the type of place that when you drive by you would NEVER stop in; its a small small market that caters to WIC and food stamp people in the surrounding ghetto.  I work down the street and one day when driving by i saw a sign pop up that said Pizza & Wings and since i LOVE pizza we took the chance with our life and stopped in. The guys who work there are awesome and friendly.  The pizza is awesome; they make their own down and sauce; and all of the meats are BEEF based since they have a lot of Muslim customers.  I've been back tons of times and they have catered a few work lunches for us too!
Great pastries.  Great fresh food.  Friendly folks. Cute atmosphere.  Love it Ordering can be weird when it's busy... And the self serve coffee fixings is not simple.  Ask for cream but sugar is out on table??? Annoying.
This new location is perfectly situated about one mile from my house; which is fantastic! I think this is a great location and serves a huge need in this area.This location; probably partially because it is new; is very very clean. They have a ton of equipment; and all of the cardio machines have TV's with plugins for your headphones so you can watch your own show while you work out. They have two types of elipticals; treadmills; stair climbers and steppers; and a variety of cycles.Although this club is new and doesn't have a huge customer base; they have a good amount of group classes like Zumba; Pilates; Yoga; Kickboxing; and Total Body Works. They also have a spin class that I'm terrified to try.The staff is nice and helpful. I needed to get my barcode replaced and the gal got it done in 30 seconds and didn't charge me the $25 fee they are supposed to.They have a lot of weight machines; but they could use a few more for arms. That is why I don't have 5 stars. They have a great variety of machines for legs; chest; back; etc but hardly any for arms and I hate using free weights.They have a pool; racquetball; and Kids club like other locations and I look forward to the addition of the juice bar!
Awesome group of ladies serving up great coffee. Amazing space and nice chill coffee shop vibe.
Nice clean store; friendly helpful employees most of the time.
I just left and ordered a turkey club on a bagel. Really good! I let her make it her way and enjoyed it even with spicy mustard. This thing was huge! I went thinking the bagel would be small; but it was more than I could handle. . They use only boars head; so you know it was a quality sandwich. When in AZ; will definitely pay them a visit!
Since we usually have to stay somewhere unimpressive that allows dogs;  this hotel seemed like a palace! Clean roomComfy king bed with lots of pillowsNice bathroom with big shower and good water pressureFree wi-fiIt was quietNice continental breakfast with healthy options!!Digital thermostat (because I'm always cold)It's also very close to Westgate and the Tanger Outlets!!!
I've said all my life that I have no loyalty to any hairdresser; because--if you aren't really into the art of cutting--I don't need your sloppy work; lack of listening skills; crappy quality hair dyes that fade within a couple months and little tricks like putting my lowlights an inch or more from the roots so I come back quicker for touch-ups.  There is just a point that I got tired of it all; and insist now on some real ARTISTRY from a hairdresser or I'll let my hair just grow long again and wear it in a ponytail cause I get tired of the frustration.  SO; with that said; let me say that I have found someone who is really talented; uses high quality materials and has the experience (30+ years); and the TALENT and love for her work to make picky; picky me happy: Nousha! My hair is curly/wavy/thick; and it is really hard to find someone who can cut curly hair (yeah; yeah...I know..they all say they cut curly hair but alot of hairdressers really don't know how); well; Nousha surely does know how to do it.  Course; she can cut straight hair or anything in between; too.  ***I went to Nousha the first time today after finding her on yelp.com (thanks; fellow Yelpers!); told her what I was looking for (which she said she already saw exactly what I needed when I walked in; and I asked for something youthful that HID MY FAULTS and EMPHASIZED MY GOOD FEATURES.   Nousha obviously got me; and then she set about  cutting and lowlighting.  Very; very happy with the results as they are just what I wanted!!!   Exactly!  Wow...and how often has that happened to me?Her prices are very low (as in $); she is very friendly and personable and makes you feel comfortable.  You can tell she really cares; too!She also  will be doing my touchups soon for permanent tattoos.  I saw a pair of eyebrows she just did on the customer after me; and looks like her work there is so good as her haircuts.  Plus; she isn't asking the usual ridiculous price for the permanent tattooing either; so she will be doing mine soon.  (She also does eyelash extensions I found out.)Welllllllllllllllllllllllllllll; now that I think I look like an old lady sex kitten I'll be testing reactions from my male friends at some holiday parties.  Maybe I should bring a body guard?  Ha!  (OK...maybe that's just a slight stretch but you get the idea.)Update:  Night 1:  My son walked in the house and actually asked if I had my hair cut and that he really liked it.  Now this is a guy who normally wouldn't notice if I even had pants on; so I consider this a home run already! Body guard to be hired?  I'm just sayin'..........
4.5 for meilleur restaurant français in AZ! Hubby and I decided to have our own private bonenkai (aka year end celebratory party) prior to the crazy nites ahead that await us next week. Using our trusty corporate coupon which operates thru restaurant.com; I paid $8 for $25 value and the meal was indeed sublime.We started off with the tempura calamari which was off the charts and a perfect plate of goodness. Chef had the batter exactly at the needed lightness to fry and crisp up without any trace of over-oilyness. It came with a tasty tomato frisee salad and flavorful aioli dip. Really there are so many great appetizers to have but we always gravitate to calamari. At other places this dish would be a throw away i.e.; quick just batter up and fry; however we believe it's so inherently delicate that a well seasoned and tender preparation of squid can also define a great kitchen.Hubby went for the catch of the day for his Entree; which was Hawaiian Ono fish made with a butter buerre blanc accompanied with asapagus. His first encounter with this fish which is a cousin of the tuna as the protein content is high and lean but cooked perfectly. I had the duck done two ways; roasted breast and then confit leg. I never give up the chance at this red meat selection. Seasoned well and done medium as should be with a red wine reduction and cinnamon sprinkling on the plate. The duck breast needs no more compliments as the simplest preparation is the best. However the confit leg had such amazing depth of flavor each bite I literally savored for as long as I could...exquisite!As if this wasn't enough food between us; our very friendly waiter inclined us to indulge on a side of potato au gratin which was the richest and creaminess plate we've enjoyed in a while.We both devoured both New Year's Eve; eve; eve dinner delightfully and left no room for an enticing soufflé; but given it takes 30 minutes to bake perhaps we could've...hmmmWell other house favorites to try is the lobster pot pie and lamb chops are best in town so maybe we'll save that for 2013.
Always good food !; PHO DA LAT is he best in Phx ; Veggie broth ; Veggie Pho with steamed tofu is awesome ; and don't forget to order the quail appetizer :) ..
Everything was great.  The Tomato soup was blissful.  Beautiful venue and exception service.  Luv it.
THIS REVIEW IS TOTALLY BASED ON HOW THIS STORE DOES SHOE RELEASES. It's a first come first serve basis which sounds like if you get there early you have a real good chance  of getting the shoe.  That is partially true after experiencing it first hand camping out for the Jordan 11 playoffs.  The better way to describe it is.. who ever is the first 5 in line will get a shoe along with all their homies that they let cut.  There is no security guard or employee regulating the line.  Even when people from the back would tell the cutters to get to the back; they come up with some excuse saying that they've been there for a long time already or their spot was being saved.  It is pretty obvious and unfair after you see groups of people jump in front of you after you've been waiting for hours.  This shoe store is not your Footlocker; Finish Line; Nike store; or Champs. They won't receive close to the amount the bigger shoe store will get.  I think they only had maybe 15 (or less) Jordan 11's today.  When we first got there; there was less than 20 people in front of us.  30 minutes before they opened the door; there was maybe 30-40 in front of us.  That will be my last time camping out for a shoe here.  Your odds are better of dealing with the raffles or purchasing the shoes online when they release.
Great coffee with unlimited refills. I like the place a lot. The wifi is strong and i've never had a problem parking there. It's a good place to get work done and it's not a pick up joint or a high school hang like a lot of coffee shops are turning into. The food is also very good and seems to be served all day and night. I like it a lot and give it 5 stars. My only problem with it is the nearest bathroom is about a block away.
Delicious pizza; great service; and good times.  I went to a holiday party here and the venue was wonderful; plus on your birthdays they give you a very nice present.  Can't beat that!
What an amazing massage !! Beings I am a massage Junkie ; and had many a massages ; this massage is amazing and in highest of my rankings for massages !!!!! Fantastic massage ; great atmosphere ; and I felt very comfortable !! Unfortunately ; my circumstances have changed and I am going to be further away ; other wise I would have done weekly ; regular appointments.   This person does great massage and actually listens to you ; unlike most !!!  I highly recommend him for massage. A plussssss!!!!!!! :) Thankyou so much !!!
I would give this a 3.5. I would expect the pizza to be a lot better just because it is a Pie place. It was good but I've had a lot better. The thing this has is great ambiance. I love how low the lighting is. Dark tables that are turned perfectly so you don't feel like you are apart of other people's dinners. Great fire from the oven and open area bar. Had a good solid wine. We got the cheese board which was good. We both got pizza but like I said it was good just nothing special.
Solid; dependable; and good.  What more do you want from a National Chain?  Get the BBQ Chicken Pizza for a great choice.  Their apps are pretty good too.  Best part about this location though is the curbside to go  Love not having to get out of the car!.
I decided to come here for my birthday and i'm glad i did; i had the ribeye with mashed potatoes. I ordered my ribeye rare which was cooked and seasoned very well. The steak though wasn't as tender as i thought it would be which surprised me maybe it was just not as good of a cut that day. the mashed potatoes though is another story i swear i was biting into clouds! those were some of the best mashed potatoes i've ever had.
Where can you begin with this mall. It has been here as long as I can remember ;but has had many facelifts and make over; How Scottsdale right!It is always interesting here;with lots to see and lots to do.Though I was always upset that they would not have Santa here or the Easter Bunny many years ago; but now they do.I love Christmas so much. But; I am glad that soon I can go to the mall without all the crazy shopping drama that goes with it.Lots of new shops and lots of new restaurants; you just cannot go wrong here.The mall is very large and 2 stories so wear comfortable shoes.Restrooms are clean and many food choices.The worst thing is Parking; it can really be crazy!
I always go back for Asian haircut style :)
All i wanted was a little mu shu.. but boy was i surprised at the large portions; the dish i ordered was the Spicy Mu Shu Burrito with Chicken and Beef with Fried Rice.. yeah i paid a little bit extra to get the combination of meats; but to me it is worth it..  The flavors are so unique and satisfying that i wish i could finish two.
I like the food here; everything is fresh and where can you go to get a good cafeteria service???  You grab a tray; tell the staff behind the counter what you want and grab your dessert; then drink and sit down and there are servers to help you put your tray away and replenish your drink if needed.  If you order something that takes longer to prepare; a number is handed to you and the server brings you your food.  Good choices for light meals; tomato basil soup is super yummy; love the Salad Nicoise with Salman; pizza for the kids; creme brulee for dessert!  At the end of the meal; the server gives you a little mint chocolate stick and I guess this is your cue to tip him!  Good customer service so I never hesitate to give them a little tip before I leave...
I highly recommend Ahwatukee Primary Care; even though doing so may make it harder for me to schedule an appointment there! Dr. Patricia Dietzgen really listens to your concerns and works with you to find the best plan for your care.Dr. Dietzgen always takes the time to know her patients and remembers them.  This is not always the case nowadays; when many practices use P.A.s and you rarely (if ever)  see the actual doctor.  She also recommends only the best; most thorough specialists outside her practice so you can be sure you are getting the kind of attention your situation requires.Her husband; Dr. Mark DIetzgen; is a Naturopath and also works in the office.  Join Ahwatukee Primary Care with confidence.
Today was the first time I have been here.  My daughter (who loves wings) wanted to try it.  We arrived at about 4:20 in the afternoon and were seated right away.  Our server took the drink orders quickly and by 4:30 we had ordered our food.  That was the last we saw of our server for another 30 minutes!  All around servers and kitchen staff were having wonderful chat time at the expense of the diners.  When the server came to ask if we wanted refills; I asked about our food (boneless wings and spinach artichoke flatbread) and was told that it should be done shortly; but the flatbread takes a little longer in the oven.  My refill and our meal arrived at the same time; another 15 minutes later.  I'm sorry; but if the flatbread takes over 40 minutes to make; there should really be a warning in the menu.  Was the food good- yeah.  Was it 45 minutes good- nope; nothing really is; especially an appetizer!
This place is beautiful and state of the art!  Staff in all venues are friendly and helpful.
I can admit I was a little skeptical of what my dining experience here would be like considering all the reviews.  I must have been fortunate that day because everything went well and the food was good.The servers and the chef were polite and attentive.  The Chef was very entertaining; and even though he missed every attempt at chucking food in out mouths; it was still a fun time.In my tip I mentioned they do not have Happy Hour.  They do have a well stocked bar and bar area; so I was very surprised that they do not have a happy hour special.  I would have spent more money on drinks had they a drink special.The dinning is equally comparable to Benihana's and Ah-So.  Prices and gimmik are all the same.  I was in a group of 7 dining and most of the orders all came out together.  I tried both the teppan and sushi; nothing to write home about; but decent.  I left full and satisfied.I may go back in the future for dinner; but I can think of more places nearby that offer happy hour; so i'll just go somewhere else for drinks and appetizers.
I still think that it is amongst the very best for regular dishes.  I haven't had dim sum here in a long time but it is extremely popular.
5 stars as compared to other food trucks.Best food truck breakfast (the only 'meal' I've had from them).  Biscuits and gravy; fried chicken biscuit with cheese; bacon and gravy (!!) and the breakfast biscuit (egg; cheese and bacon) all were top-notch.  Fried chicken breast was moist and well cooked.
Skip everything else on the menu and head straight to the Gyros. I love the Gyros here. They give you a bunch of meat with the right amount of tomatoes; onions and tzatziki sauce. So far; these are the best Gyros I have had in North Scottsdale to date. Although they are mainly a lunch place and close early in the evening.
we came here for their NYE party at Stone Rose Lounge. unless you had VIP or reserved a table (for i'm sure an exorbitant price) we were regaled with the other 99% to standing under one of many of their outdoor heat lamps. it was cold so i pretty much had to keep my jacket on the whole night. my wife; the better of us two; toughed it out by showing off her lovely dress and heels...me? i just cowered under the heat lamp. the bar staff was quick and polite. one of my beers had a skunky taste; so i returned and they were quick to offer me another option. there were 2 bars; one outside; one inside. the dance floor was packed with bad dancers until i showed up and started busting my bite-lower-lip moves. the music was very good for the party. of note; i was expecting a more upscale crowd; but there were many drunken scottsdale folks and plenty of skirts so short; butt cheeks were hanging out. the hotel itself is beautiful and all the valet/hotel staff are impeccably dressed and acted accordingly. if i could afford a real stay here; i most certainly would.NYE ticket prices were the cheapest we could find...only 25 bucks per person (again; standing room or bar only...no tables).
I love this school!
Morning OJ?? Yes please!! I wish I would've had an appetite for something else. However; next time I will definitely make La Grande Orange my breakfast at the airport spot!! Just remember its past Security Check!! Oh and I must mention that they always deliver AMAZING Service!!!! :)
It's just like any other Burger King; which we all know is the king of burgers. But this one is in an airport. That makes it so much more exciting!
Yummy is all I can say.  My partner is from Milwaukee; Wisconsin so she was in heaven when we were on vacation in Phx and we found a culver's.  She always prefers Leon's; but this is a close second.  The store is clean; everyone is friendly and the service is good.  They will give you a sample of any flavor to try before buying.  My only complaint is they dont have coke products; just pepsi.  Ick.
This place is a find for great deals on gourmet foods. The focus seems to be on food... hoarding? Preparedness? There are lots of big cans of food that will last forever; but that can workout in your favor even if you're not storing it long term. Many of their large tins of ingredients are crazy cheap; and the packaging makes it convenient to reseal and use at your leisure. They have a great selection of gourmet flours; beans; honey; baking mixes; dehydrated veggies; and sundries like solar ovens and canning supplies. I'll definitely be back.
5 Guys opened up about 2 years ago and I have always received very consistent taste and service from this locationIt is situated right next to Rumbi's Island Grill and I always struggle with healthy food or greasy food for lunch. It's a 50/50 coin toss on which one I end up walking into. (I do however prefer the 5 Guys burger to the Rumbi's burger) What I would pass on is the California Pizza Kitchen next door; man has this chain gone down hill; talk about a rip off.5 Guys burgers & fries are cooked fresh to order; another words you have to wait for them. They cook in the open ... right in front of you ... not sure what some of these other reviews are on about.They use fresh potatoes for their fries and fry them in peanut oil at at higher temperature than normal vegetable oil; they come out very crunchy and golden brown. They kick butt all over In & Out french fries IMO; and 1 order is enough for 2 people. Their burgers are twice as thick as In & Out; twice as tasty IMO; and a good value when you consider the amount of toppings and meat you receive. I also like munching those free peanuts and tossing the shells on the floor while I wait for my order.I guess I am a fan of 5 Guys burgers;  also a fan of Smash Burgers; and Delux too.                          All different; all good ... depends on my mood!
really nice airport; it has all the stores that you need and coffee- conveniently located restrooms and the southwest gate area is nice as well. I like southwest because they're cheap (250.00 for a round trip tix from ontario; CA to NJ with a stop in PHX)
Whatever you do stay away from this on NEW YEAR'S EVE !! :) I have never been to Rogue bar before the NYE 2013 event; bad idea to go to this place for NYE; ya I know what i was thinkin ha. hey gimme and 'em some credit; they had a pay $30 and from there on all penny drinks! That was a good deal; ofc they didnt have anything fancy to drink; but hey that's a geat deal for alcohol as long as it does the job ;). oh they didnt care about the pennies either :pWell I was just disappointed with the event on NYE; I was expecting something more atleast from the pics and fb event; i thought there would be people hanging upside down lol.  That's Y i said dont go to a NYE party there. (or any big day events :P)Now that I have been there; I know what to expect and I am definitely going back to see if I can improve the rating :)
I got a facial from Paula and was so so happy! She made my skin look and feel years younger. It was so relaxing and the spa is absolutely soothing.  The decor is inviting and up to date. I truly recommend this spa and definitely will be coming back to see Paula again.
This place is pretty good...the people are really nice also.The selection I guess is pretty ok. If there is something you don't see coming around; you can ask for it to be made for you; but that kinda goes for most revolving sushi places.They do have a fairly extensive off the conveyor belt menu...like steak and stuff. And if you have picky kids they also carry burgers; chicken tenders and fries.The desserts they have going around the belt are better than I've seen at some revolving sushi restaurants.As for the prices...it's a bit more expensive than what I'm used to paying for revolving sushi. I can pay about $20 or so other places and get quite a bit of food; as where this place I can pay about $35 or so and get a little less food than I normally could. Which kinda sucks...but it is what it is I guess.Anyway...I've been here about 2 times or so now...still debating if I should return. I'm hoping that once the business picks up (it's been dead the last 2 times I've gone) maybe they'll drop the prices on some stuff.
I really like this Whole Foods Market. They have everything a regular grocery store has plus much; much more. There's a grill inside; a tiny restaurant; an asian food bistro; a pizza counter; and the list goes on. Luckily; this location is close to our work and we have frequented it many times for lunch. If you are ever in the area; definiately stop on by as you'll find everything you need and go home with items you didn't need but definiately wanted!
Because we had a potential emergency (son needed stitches/glue); the staff told us to come immediately for triage. We got there; and it was not as fast as we were led to believe it would be. We waited for 20-30 minutes to be seen; and got to know several of the other folks in the waiting room (one or two appeared to be regulars). The ceiling over the waiting area was leaking; btw -- presumably due to an air conditioning malfunction; as this visit took place a couple months back when the weather was still warm. The office really seemed like a madhouse at first; but we were happy with the care we received once we were admitted. All in all; I'd probably return for the entertainment; convenience; and acceptable level of care; but it wouldn't necessarily be my first choice.
Edamame dumplings---delicious Caramelized onion tart---goodPan seared sea bass --- I really enjoyed the Brussels sprouts; I didn't really care for the purple potatoes it tasted dry and overcooked; the fish itself was cooked wellAlmond Olive Oil cake with greek yogurt---the combination of both of the ingredients did not seem to pair well with each other. I think had the almond olive oil cake been topped with anything else it would have been much better.
Food has been very good the few times that my family and myself have ben here. However : Each time it seems like there is some type of issue with the servers or how long it takes etc... Its ok... I will eat here again; just not when its superbusy ...
My boyfriend has taken me here three times since we've been back home for the Winter and I LOVE IT. The first time was a weekday morning and we had their breakfast special. Sausage and egg on croissant. Totally melt in your mouth perfection. The second time I had to try the lox and cream cheese with capers and onion. They hit it out of the park again! I had it on the everything bagel; but chose not to toast it. You also get potato chips and a drink with the sandwich. Last time we went I got the lox again but this time on the onion bagel; and toasted. It was somehow even more amazing.We can't leave here without getting a handful of their hot sauce packets; I don't even know why but they are delicious. Also one of their chocolate danish pastries that are mouth watering.Everyone here is super friendly and your food comes out lighting fast and super fresh no matter how packed they are. Can't give it more than 5 stars or else I would.
I will admit I enjoy Delux burgers. I've been there a couple of times since they opened back in 2006? Anyhow; I tend to get the Delux burger and sweet potato fries. I will say the seating is a little limited. Furthermore; I've had subpar service mostly every time I've been there. They have recently added a sushi menu which I just do not understand. They state on the tables that it was at the customers request. The bf went ahead and ordered the Vegas roll (why I'm not too sure). anyway; I went ahead and tasted a piece and the smell alone had me question the freshness of the sushi and the batter was slightly soggy. I will stick to burgers at the burger joints and let the sushi places master their sushi; I'd advise this to any of my friends as well :) I'm pretty sure we'll be back but neither the service or the food really help it to be a regular stop.
St. Francis is one of my favourite places for brunch in Phoenix. Its got an up class; trendy feel. American food with a pinch and pull from all over. Good brew selection; and mimosas and bloody Marys with brunch. Plus kids under 10 eat free. The staff has always been friendly. I haven't had the slow service others have complained about. The food takes a while to come out but that is no fault of the server. The servers have always asked about my drink when they noticed it low. My favourite menu item has been the eggs benedict with salmon; the hollandaise sauce is perfectly tangy and buttery! They used to be served with a side of fingerling potatoes; now they only throw a few on the plate. The pork chile verde is spicy and wonderfully seasoned. Its served with a large spoon and two slices of corn bread for the stew. I also love the cioppino; it's a spicy; red seafood stew. Definitely large enough to share IMO; and served with bread. I've also come with friends for happy hour and just ordered appetizers and drinks. The feel was great and we all left happy and warmed by the fire on the patio.
Went for consult on cosmetic options but dentist Balest...was on the edge of scattered & provoking! MINIMAL info; no examples of work; assumed my past dental experiences-aftr I said differently (he seems in denial there are bad/careless dentists or wanted confrontation).  LIfe is too short to pay for more conflict. Desk/Asst gals were professional-rare in AZ.
Until Horizon; I had never before hired a moving service.  I was convinced they would 1) break my stuff 2) molest my stuff and/or 3) charge a premium for breaking and molesting my stuff.  Horizon changed my attitude about the moving industry and about the ease of trusting a conscientious; hard-working local company with the valuable material aspects of my existence.  Booking the move was completely painless.  I never got that what did I sign up for? feeling because I knew exactly what I was getting. The crew was dedicated and friendly.  They quickly and efficiently moved all my stuff; none of which was broken; molested; or suffered a single scratch.  This is especially impressive considering my penchant for hoarding delicate; antique lamps. I'm glad Horizon changed my mind.  It costs way more (physically; spiritually; emotionally; monetarily)  to rent a truck and do it yourself.  I'll miss the back strain and attendant excuse to lay around for days watching three seasons of Damages.  Other than that; I'm a convert.
Hula's is pretty awesome. The drinks are deceptively strong--I always think I'm knocking back fruit juice...until the slurring begins. The food is also good. Not amazing; but there are some really good things here. The sweet potato fries and the hangover hash are both delicious.
So I went there to buy the new Nook HD as a Christmas gift.I might as well have been buying a magazine for as much customer service I received. There was a display of all the Nooks; but nowhere did it say to go to register to buy it. The display; nice as it was; could not answer questions I had. This is not my first Nook purchase as it seems they come out with a new one each year; however I still had some questions. I went to the customer service counter and asked where I could find the Nooks to purchase. He curtly told me they were at the register (as if I was to have already known this). I went to the register and was helped ( well; I wouldn't really call it helped) by a woman whom I'd really like to name here; but won't. Her disinterest in my purchase was evident and I was guided in buying the wrong screen protector.  Again; this wasn't a cheap purchase; and I was the only one in line until an obvious off-duty employee came in and they exchanged their hellos. The gift was well-received; and with the gift receipt the recipient was able to exchange for the correct screen protector. This wasn't one employee giving bad customer service...this was 2. It's a no return store for me.
The music and bands they bring in here are getting better and better.  A born skeptic is slowly becoming a believer.
My husband and I order food to go a lot from Blue 32. Whenever I've gone in to get our food; everyone is very friendly and always checks to make sure I've been helped. They are very courteous on the phone even when they are extremely busy. We've eaten in the restaurant a few times and had a great experience each time. Great service and great food! Thanks guys!!
The owners are very rude.. food is OK..not the best
Nice food.. the ambiance is also nice...I really enjoyed the Green;Yellow and Red curry...Been a regular visitor over here
We have been living here for almost 2 years and are regretting it; we are just too lazy to move out; too much of a hassle. We are in a 3rd story 2 bed/2 bath apartment. Every time our neighbors across from us come home or leave;  it's like the whole building shakes. Anyone who walks heavily up or down the stairs causes vibrations in our walls it drives us nuts.Our downstairs neighbors are very nice but must hate us: The floors are so poorly put together that anytime we walk around in our apartment they can hear it. We cannot even go into our other bedroom at night lest we wake them up. We cannot vacuum during parts of the day lest we want to piss them off even more. They are very nice to us; and we try to be considerate of them as much as can; but the poor quality of the apartments actually affects our daily lives; and that is unacceptable.Maintenance is awful; although it has gotten better lately. Recently our A/C started dripping all over our kitchen and it took maintenance 2 weeks and 5 visits to fix it. We are also by the center pool; overlooking it; and for nearly a year it was one problem after another (lights not working; pool overgrows with algae; lights fixed but then break 2 days later). It was a nightmare; although there have been no problems as of late. This is just one anecdote to describe how bad maintenance is in general.The only reason we picked this apartment complex over others around it is because they were nice to us on move in; they were legitimately gated (versus gates only partly around it); and they were close to the light rail.Speaking of the gated community part of it - gates are broken 50% of the time; so good use that is.Our biggest complaint is really the quality of the apartment itself. Our bathroom faucet leaks all the time; our cold A/C leaks out the front door because it's not sealed properly. We had to install our own second lock because first one was shoddy. When we moved in our carpets were crap; they did not even replace them before we moved in! I know they can put new ones in and get the deductions as they depreciate. They actually had to come in and spot fix the carpets they were so bad; missing entire chunks; etc. The drawers in the kitchen are made of particle board; so every time we open/close one; it drops specks of wood in the drawer below; on top of the things we use to cook with; disgusting! Our oven is a POS too.The only ting new and decent in the apartment is the washer and dryer we rent from them (extra to have that as opposed to using the laundry rooms). We don't use the pool or laundry rooms so I can't comment on them. The gym is so-so as well (there is always something broken).We are already settled in and simply do not want to put the effort into moving again; but I really wish we picked another apartment complex. We are only going to be in AZ for a few more years; we are not staying here long term.
Shall i shall...tis worth the calories; tis.  Ummm...me likes.  Five dollars drinks add up to 50 dollar bills b4 five in a minute.  The 63 goes down like a gatorade.  It's a five star place.  Nice; affordable fun...
what a surprise; very good pizza
I came in here after looking at a number of Valley shops to purchase a new S&W M&P 15-22 for myself and my daughter to take to the range.  The price I paid was almost exactly the same as I could find online; and without shipping I saved a bundle.  The staff here are knowledgeable; patient and don't have that attitude you find so commonly at most gun shops.  It's a pleasure patronizing an establishment such as this and it's now my go-to shop in Phoenix for all my firearms needs.
One dive bar to rule them all.....Seriously; this place is the definition of a dive but on the flipside it's some of the best grub I have had in a bar; the staff is really nice and they have pretty decent shows. I am a fan. Tip: There is a hidden bathroom behind the pool hall that doesn't smell of death.I saw nothing.
I came in here back when they first opened and I was in town. I really enjoyed the Fry Bread Taco ; as did my daughter. This has become one of my be sure to visit places in Mesa on consequent trips. I stopped in yesterday and was definitely not disappointed. The Indian Taco was huge and I only intended to eat half of it but it was pretty full and messy and the delicious insides kept tumbling out so I got a spoon and kept taking bites. I knew the fry bread would lose the wonderful crispness if I were to eat  it later and I hadn't eaten all day so I finished the whole thing and; while comfortable; was full the rest of the evening. This place is definitely worth seeking out and trying. I look forward to returning next trip.Oh; and there is a huge parking lot since it is in the strip mall so you can park right in front.
I've been going to Z'Tejas for many years.  The menu is varied; food is cooked to your specifications. . .your item doesn't have to be hot or too spicy as they cook to order. The cornbread is outstanding. . .fresh baked and it  comes with your meal. If I need to get a gift card for relatives; take-out for the family; or have  guests in town;  this is my first choice.  I've never had a bad meal there!!! I love this place!!Linda H.
We had a lovely dinner here last night and we have never been anything but happy with the food and service here.They spice these exactly as you ask them and the food is so delicious and plentiful that we have always found this a great place to dine. We especially like the Ceviche starter which is always very tasty and filling. Great place!
More like the Blue Mongrel.I found this restaurant while searching for things to do on New Year's Eve.  We had reservations at the Hotel Palomar and thought this seemed like it was up our alley since it is part of the hotel.  The menu looked amazing and there was nothing on their website stating that there would be any special event for NYE.I placed a reservation via Open Table for NYE about a week prior.  Several days later; and three days before NYE; I received a voice mail from the hostess informing me that the chef had decided to do a prix fixe menu and that they would need a credit card to hold the reservation.  Regular menu items would not be available.I called them and voiced my displeasure at the fact that they had waited several days to call since it would make it difficult to find another option so close to the holiday.  I asked why they didn't have anything on their website about it and the person said he didn't know anything about that.I was transferred to Luis who I am assuming was a manager.  He apologized saying that this was their first year open.  He told me that Open Table was just a reservation website and wouldn't have anything listed about special events.  I informed him that I was directed to Open table from Blue Hound's website to which he finally agreed that they had failed to put any mention of it there as well.  He offered to email the menu to me so that I could look it over and run it by my guests.The menu was indeed impressive looking but filled with seafood and venison.  One of my guests was allergic to shellfish so; considering the number of items that fell into this category; it just wasn't an option.I was annoyed but decided to roll with it and just told them I wasn't interested because of the menu but that I would try them again another time.  I also told them that they might want to advertise special events on their website so that people wouldn't be caught off guard at the last minute.I found another restaurant to accommodate us and thought that was the end of it.We still stayed at the Palomar (highly recommended).  We got up on New Year's Day and decided to check out and go eat brunch at the Blue Hound.  We told the front desk our plans so that they could hold our bags until we were done.When we got up to the restaurant there were a few people in line but a sign on the hostess station stating:  Due to circumstances beyond our control; the Blue Hound Kitchen and Cocktails will not be open for business today.  I looked into the restaurant and there were lots of people eating so I waited to see what the situation was.A few minutes went by and finally the hostess showed up and seated the family in front of us.  We waited several more minutes and when she finally returned to the front; she informed us that because there had been a power outage 2 days prior; there was no food available.  I asked why she was able to seat the people in front of us and she told us that they had a reservation.I asked her what that meant and she said that the chef had told her not to seat any other patrons because there was no food available.  I asked what the people who were just seated were going to have and she just stared at me blankly.  I then asked her if she was kidding and still just received a vacant look.  I said You've got to be kidding me. and then I turned to my guests and just laughed.If you are wondering why I put quotes around chef above; it is because a chef who doesn't have a better contingency plan other than to close in a major hotel on a holiday when he has had more than 24 hours to find a solution is not a chef; but rather a cook.  His bio says that he has 32 years of experience in some pretty impressive places.  I find that hard to believe if this is the best he can do.I can't speak to the quality of the food having never been able to sample it but; I am giving them one star because of their lack of communication and their inability to deal with a situation of this sort.  They are a major restaurant in a very fine hotel.  At the very least; they should have informed the front desk of the hotel (of which they are a part); so that they could let patrons know the situation; rather than continuing to recommend the place and sending people there.  Kimpton Hotels & Restaurants are not new to this game.In my opinion; this chef needs a shorter leash.  Get it together Blue Hound.
Wonderfully friendly staff. Macchiato was perfect. Upscale shopping area doesn't steal from the appeal they create in here. Had zeppelin playing late at night. Happy and relaxing place. Cool local art too.
I was excited to hear that Hooters opened in Scottsdale until I found 10 mediocre wings for $10. Hooters also provided celery and extra blue cheese for $.70 per item. Additionally it appears Scottsdale chickens are smaller than typical unless Hooters downsized their wings. Needless to say I was very disappointed when I learned that 10% of my undercooked dinner came from a family of small people chickens with stumps for digits. Though I will likely visit Hooters again; I am hoping Buffalo Wild Wings opens across the street as promised. For those interested in statistics; Hooters receives a perky B as compared to Tilted Kilt's firm D.
I went to this place because it was closed my hotel in Phoenix downtown and it is 4-star in Yelp. To my disappointment; there was no meat to pick and very limited vegi for stir fry. so we decided to order the regular dishes. There were just a couple of tables but the service was very slow. The dishes are very tiny for the price and the tea would cost extra. Overall; This is NOT an authentic Chinese food restaurant. Might be a place that just caters the lunch for people working in downtown.
i love this place; I'll drive 15 minutes to pick up my order.
I was so disappointed by my dinner here!!! I had a chicken dish that tasted really bad.  The sauce was runny and had an odd flavor. Everyone in our party agreed that the food just wasn't good! It's quite pricey too. I will NOT be returning.  I feel bad for them because a lot of restaurants go out of business on Market Street.  They really need some help here!
There is a paradox at La Hacienda. Why would a great Latin restaurant dinner house serve the worst-in-a-lifetime breakfast buffet in this diner's rather extensive experience?The restaurant is servicing the breakfast with room customers. The scrambled eggs in the buffet were food service quality and left an unwelcome aftertaste with each bite. There was no toast; no toaster; and the breakfast meats (sausage & bacon) were cold.But; for dinner; totally different. The food was amazing. The steak and short ribs are to die for. The service was superb. The after dinner flambé dessert was both exciting and totally delicious. With their fantastic nighttime ambiance; with lit candles and roaring fireplace; this is definitely the place to bring someone special. Definitely order the at the table guacamole; which rocks; and the after dinner coffee; which throws sparks to the ceiling (ladies and gentlemen; watch your hair when passing by).Bon appetit!
I'll start with the disclaimer that I REALLY like the people that work at this place which is downstairs from my work.  The food is always great quality and if you need a last minute gift; they have wine and many other goodies to make a  basket (which I have done).The happy hour serves local beers and their house wine is only $3.00 which makes it irresistible for a bargain shopper like me (and it's good too).Stop by and say hello to Ally; Pierce; Gloria and Dave - and rest of the gang.  People are not strangers there for long!
The inferior of the two OSFs nearby.  Nice ambiance.  The food and service ain't bad; but for the price that you pay for a single plate of food; this is just an okay pasta place.  You also have the tendency to still be hungry once your plate is empty and the bread all consumed . . .  The Phoenix location is better by far--VERY FAR.
I've ordered food to go; a margarita on the rocks at the bar; and had brunch on a Sunday.Each experience was well above average. When I stopped in for a drink; it was a Friday during happy hour and packed! Still got my drink promptly; and I enjoyed it so much I had to repeatedly remind myself I had plans that I would not be able to show up to in a cab.I ordered the chicken sandwich and tortilla soup to go and I would definitely get it again.When I went for brunch with the bf; I got the enchilada stack with chicken; my egg was perfectly cooked over medium; and the Desert Blossom iced tea really hit the spot. My bf had the burger with cheddar cheese and fries. It was so good I wanted to trade even though mine was delicious. Just the right amount of salt on the fries; and the burger was as good as I'd heard!Our waitress was attentive; always bringing us more iced tea and anything else we needed; she was personable and really made our whole experience a very positive one. We look forward to going back again and again. There are many more menu items I am dying to try!! I really like the ambiance- dark and relaxing at night; bright and cozy during the day.Thanks Kari M. for telling me about this great restaurant!!
Went there this week and everyone who had the beans got food poisoning for 2 days. Will never go there again!
Was disappointed to find out that 'Thats a Wrap' had closed it's doors but very happy to report that an even better restaurant took it's place! The girls that run the place are very sweet and make a mean sandwich. I had the West Coast wrap and the spicy ranchero sauce is FAB!! They give you a really nice sized portion of fruit too; all for $7. You can't beat it! They have mustaches everywhere (even on their bags) and it's a cute place. Plus when you leave they give you Ghiradelli chocolates. Can't wait to try more of the menu as D'Lish is a great lunch spot and has super friendly staff!
The interior is akin to being teleported to a little dining lodge in the Swiss Alps after a day of skiing.  Alpenhorn; wooden barrels; and other relevant decor makes it feels very warm & cozy and it induces a desire for hot chocolate; which makes it a decent spot for a date as well.We tried the cheese fondue and some salmon on bread appetizer (Salmon Flammenkuchen).  The fondue was good and it came with ample bread; but the Salmon Flammenkuchen was not that appetizing.  The service was solid though.  Overall; I'd probably come back for the ambiance; fondue; and maybe to try the crepes.
Zoo Lights is pretty fun. The new light show this year was nice; and I even saw a few animals out lurking; which is a good switch up from my prior; animal-devoid visits; which make me wonder why I am at the zoo to begin with. This year they are offering camel rides; which is a fun new addition.You can also continue to pay an arm and a leg (okay; only $3) for a churro; a Christmas tradition I have enjoyed for many years. My ultimate suggestion- go; but go around 8 pm. That's when all the parents and kids start to leave; parking opens up; and it's generally less crowded.
My aunt and I didn't want to drive from Scottsdale but wanted to see the Sedona. This was recommended by our hotel concierge. It was good way to see Sedona in a day.The brochure lacked full details of the itinerary. I hate going on tours; but this one was a good pick primarily because we had a fun group of fellow tourists. Our tour guide; Gina; picked everyone up early around 6:30 am.She customized the tour to fit our needs. She asked if we wanted to stop at certain places; which was very nice. We said yes to all her suggestions. Sedona was beautiful that my iPhone couldn't capture the red landscape perfectly. The vantage points where we stopped were breathtaking. Some of the places we saw included Red Rock; Bell Rock; Slide Rock; Chapel of the Holy Cross; and the Montezuma Castle.It was nice learning about Arizona's history and some fun facts. Lunch was included; and Wildflower Bread Company was a good pick by our tour guide. Our tour guide was well prepared with plenty of water bottles so we stay hydrated. Unfortunately; I wish there was more time to do a little souvenir shopping. There's so much to see all in one day that I do plan to come back to Sedona for a much longer stay.
I loved the patio area and the lights!! Good food and friendly service!! I went with the ever yummy cash-money!!! Oh soo gooey delicious!!! Must try!! The vibe of the place was just right!!  Very soothing and hip!!
Before hitting a Suns game I went to Honey Bear's last week with my brother-in-law; who grew up in Phoenix.  He says the place is an institution.  I liked it; but I liked the sides better than the BBQ itself.  I ordered the sandwich plus two ribs; a drink and a side for $14.49.  My sandwich was the pulled pork which was good but a bit dry.  A little extra BBQ sauce came in handy; although the sauce was - per my own personal preferences - a little too sweet; in need of some heat and a bit too orange in color.  The ribs were killer.  My side was cole slaw; which surprised my brother-in-law.  With all the great other choices; why would you order cole slaw; he wondered?  Because I love it ; and the Honey Bear's slaw was great.  Fresh and delish.  I also borrowed his mac & cheese and his Cowbro Beans.  He thought the mac & cheese was rich - I slurped it up and practically licked the cup clean.  Fantastic.  Beans were ok but too meat-filled for my taste.  Was bummed they were out of corn on the cob but I loved the sides we had.Special thanks to the brother-in-law for the introduction.  I love cool local places like Honey Bear's BBQ!  I'd go back.
Friendly staff.  Small store; seasonal items go quickly.  Have snow gear now.  It's best to check it out before your sport season begins.
Another reviewer was correct but moreover; they do not know my daughters name after 7 months nor do they try to build a personal rapport with each person. There are too many kids per coach making it too difficult to accomplish anything in a single class or provide any individual attention. My daughter has never been assessed and she tells us she has never received feedback of any sort.  My child is there because she enjoys it and it has built self esteem which to us is priceless but to them that isn't important; they put all of their energy into potential stars. Otherwise you're a nobody.  I would love it if they valued everyone in the same way.
Cracker's is the breakfast spot to visit.  Not only is the food amazing but the customer service sets it far above the competition.
The Pizza & Wings Special is great; and good NY pizza-by-the-slice.
About 2 miles off the highway; but worth the stop. $3 for a 5 turkey grinder (all the toppings) and $1.80 for an eegee (frozen drink.) The tables were clean and the service was fast.
Nondescript place serving great bean & cheese burritos and tacos.
Amazing in every way! John knows all the magical spots and how to relieve tension. He talks to you first to customize the massage for your needs. Super professional and personable.
Gosh. I love this place so. damn. much! It really is an awesome place to go if you're downtown for whatever reason (or if you're a cosplayer like me) Seriously; they've got wigs of every kind; color; quality; shape... The list goes on! In fact; I'm wearing the wig I bought as we speak. The only problem I had was that the salespeople (or at least the one I checked out with) was a little; well; blah. She was obviously tired and it took away from the experience a little; but I'm still happy because she was still helpful. But; I just have to say; even if you're not planning on buying anything; you should still walk in and check out the big costume heads lined up on the wall.
Nice new audio bits. Mac ampsJBL monitors. Classy.
Love; love; love!!! Breakfast is the best I have ever had at a restaurant and eating dinner here makes me feel like I am back in France....I have not been for lunch (YET!) I can't wait to take my family and friends here! We happened to stumble in one morning looking for the restaurant that used to be there and what a surprise.  I had the crab cake omelet with their version of breakfast potatoes (which I couldn't stop eating) and a croissant with Nutella.   Any restaurant that serves Nutella is an A+ in my book :) We then went for dinner on NYE and had escargot; endive salad; roasted chicken and champaign.  AMAZING!
Great food & great service when ordering as always :-)Now ask to use the restroom after 12midnight & their A+ customer service does a 180 & goes to down right rude.  I was honestly surprised at how disrespectful their staff was when I asked why their restrooms were closed & when I inquired more about the policy 3 staff members were so down right rude I simply walked out.This location needs a serious attitude adjustment; which is too bad cause the food itself is great!
The word AMAZING comes to mind. Great place to go and eat until your heart is content. Or until it explodes; whichever comes first. An odd combo but who the heck cares when you are suffering from the blues?I recommend; therefore I am right.
I wish they wouldn't have closed this location! I loved being able to stop at Einstein's next door & grab starbucks all in one stop. I figured they would have the same staff at the new location across the street; but the service is slow AND not very friendly at all!
Upscale gourmet burger places are popping up all over the Valley.  Except this one is different!I could write about how they are better than Coal Burger(?); Five Guys or ZinBurgers; but why do that since they did a much better job:While most people are eating breakfast; we''re already doing lunch -- shaping fresh 100% Certified Angus Beef® into plump meatballs.  (When was our beef frozen; by the way?  Try never.)Why meatballs; not patties?  Because unlike the other burger places; we don''t squish.  We smash.  Place your order and we spring into action; painting the grill with real butter; adding a dash of our secret spice blend; and smashing the meatball with a tool we invented ourselves (it''s so new; it doesn''t even have a name -- let''s just call it the smashing tool).Okay; their corporate marketing aside; we had a very nice time here yesterday.  One of us ordered the large Smashburger Arizona; with Habanero cheese; quacamole; jalapeños on their spicy chipotle bun for $6.99(photo); along with the French Fries for $2.29(photo).  Ohh; was that good!We also ordered the large Mushroom Swiss Smashburger for $6.99; and the Haystack Onions for $2.29.  Everything was outstanding and yummy.  Yummy? Yes; yummy!  Like; why waste your time going somewhere else yummy!  Oh; yeah the bill for two came to $22.  Did I mention that Smashburger was an upscale gourmet burger place?  I know that might be too Richie Rich$$ for some; so you can drive down FLW to In 'n Out and order it Animal Style.  But if you do; you will be missing an outstanding and delicious burger!  LOLEnjoy!
First impression: needs paint & maintenance outside. The cherry vanilla candle at the front desk stunk and air inside was not circulated.  No elevator. Smoking rooms not segregated so smoke drifted in. Chair was stained; carpet didnt look clean. Fridge was unplugged and mildewed.I booked 2 but only stayed 1 night. Pushpa Patel kindly confirmed via email a refund for second night; backed up by Amex dispute service if necessary. Book using Amex only if you want to be sure of getting a refundWould not stay again until this place is remodeled..
Wednesday nights! Family night! $8 specials!!! It's a ton of food for very little pocketbook. There's plenty of selection to choose from - I got the taco; enchilada; and tamale special with rice and beans. Way too much food for 1 sitting; especially when I've been munching on those addicting chips and salsa. Can't wait to go back.
Have to say; this is one of my new favorite places because of one host. I came in looking for hot chocolate for a special occasion with a good friend and they said they didn't serve anything like that; but he would see what he could do. 15 minutes later; a chef came out with two; delicious cups of hot chocolate made just for us. A+ customer service and definitely made our night!! Thank you again!
They just moved to a new location next to JC Penny and Firehouse Subs - much easier to get in and out of!  They are always friendly and helpful so I stop there when I need strings; picks; etc.
amazing eggs benedict.
This place sucks. Waited in line for twenty minutes since there was supposed to be a free cover. Got to the door and the dooshbag bouncers didn't care to stand by what the advertised; so we spent our money elsewhere. I do not support businesses that pull bait and switches; and I hope others don't either. Im glad I didn't go there and had a great time at a much more upscale bar with less sloppies trying to get numbers.
What a pleasant surprise.  Had gone downtown for Phoestivus; but the lines were soooo long at Short Leash and nothing else was grabbing our fancy so my family ended up at an unplanned dinner at The Breadfruit.  The service - every staff member we interacted with was very friendly.  Our server was especially fantastic; taking time to explain to us what certain things were (e.g. festival is a cornbread-like breadstick with vanilla extract in it) and patiently wait while my mom repeated everything to my refuses to wear a hearing aid father.  (My family is not always easy to wait on.)The drinks - several of us tried the special rum punch that night.  It had grapefruit and black cherry and a couple kinds of rum.  It was tasty; and probably went down a little too easy.  Too many and you'd be crawling home. The food - everybody loved their meal.  Started with the plantain appetizer; the chutney was good with a great spicy kick.  The plantains were not greasy at all.  The coconut curry tofu is a great option for vegetarians.  The jerk shrimp are SPICY - not gringo spicy - spicy spicy.  This pleased me greatly.  I don't eat pork so I didn't try my sister's jerk pork dish; but she said it was really good; but not nearly as spicy as the shrimp.  My other sister had muscles and they were really tasty. My only gripe is the deserts; and that's where they lose a star for me.  We shared the sweet potato coconut something or other and the chocolate souffle.  The waiter said the souffle would have a molten middle - which I usually love; but once you poked through the thin crust on top; it was all soup.  I didn't like it at all; and suspect it was not quite cooked long enough.  My sisters ate every bite though; so take my opinion with a grain of salt. I love sweet potato pie; but this coconut/sweet potato version was really really heavy on the butter and coconut taste and not so much on the sweet potato so I found that disappointing as well. All in all though; it was a wonderful meal and I will certainly be back.
Dr. Goldberg actually sat down and had a conversation with me.  Not to me; but with me; explaining the details of the issues I face and the options I had.  He took the time to answer my questions; joke with me a bit and generally made me feel quite comfortable; despite the difficult situation I was in.This was important to me as it would be my introduction to the good Doctor.  My previous PCP; Dr. Johnson was one of the best in the valley; his practice ran like a well-oiled machine; setting the bar high for this visit.I am pleased to report that Dr. Goldberg was up to the challenge and may have even surpassed the venerable Dr. Johnson with his personable manner.  As I am getting older and crankier; I don't like changes; like new Doctors that I have to start all over with.  Fortunately; Dr. Goldberg is a smart and compassionate person; open to discussing options - even herbal solutions; despite being a medical doctor.I was in and out of this visit with a consultation and a blood test within an hour.  The office staff were all polite and helpful and after this visit; I think I like this guy :-)
absolutely love the soups and sandwiches at Dilly's Deli.  The food at this location is just as good as the rest around the valley.  Prices have gone up a bit; but you'll still get your money's worth.  The bread for the sandwiches and the bowls for the soup are ridiculously fresh (even though there is way too much of it).The one thing I don't get about this location is the hours?  Closing at 4:00 is kind of random to me.  It seems like they'd be able to stay open a few more hours for the quick dinner crowd.  But they've been in this space for a while when so many other stores and restaurants have come and gone; so I guess they know what they're doing.
Had a hankering for szechwan food; and this was the closest to that we could find near El Mirage.  The food was ok; but nothing special...kind of bland and boring; but not bad.
One of the best I've been to in the Valley!! Called in my order for the office; was ready in the time stated; everything was made to the order requested! PERFECT! Food was amazing! They have a simple menu with all the great items of Greek food! It was so good I went twice back to back!  had the Gyro Thursday and the Chicken Souvlaki Friday! delicious!!ADDED note -- You may want to request for them to poke holes in the boxes for the fries; they get soggy pretty quick... no biggy; just saying.
I vomited in the passenger seat of my car; awesome. For $70 they shampooed the carpet on the passenger side; and wiped down the leather. They also did a smell bomb to remove the stink. The car looks brand new; smells great; and it only took about 30 minutes. They do try to hard sell you; but they are willing to lower prices.
THIS IS THE BEST PLACE FOR BREAKFAST!  We had been going to dicks for awhile now and one day we walked in and they said that it was full that morning;  and the waitress told us that Richardson's was up the road.  We never knew this was there.  We usually order the french toast which is AMAZING both Dicks and Richardson's serve the same breakfast.  Service is great and the coffee is even better!
My new home away from home.  As soon as I walk into Keegan's....the bar and waitstaff remember me and indulge in awesome conversation.  I always meet and have fun with the patrons as well.  It is like a family reunion....And the food is amazing as well.  And please always remember to make room for their cobbler :)  Prices are very reasonable - and Happy Hour is a menu you can't beat.  (Football Sundays is also an all day happy hour as well)
Went here today for the first time. Having moved clear to the other side of town has left me in need of a new nail salon.  (my good ol' standby is too far; and my shellac girl has gone missing)  The place was very clean; the staff was friendly; and the decor wasn't obnoxious or cheesy.  Two large tv screens were in the back and the radio was playing at a pleasant level throughout.  The classic pedicure came with ample massage time (really the real reason to get a pedicure; I mean really).  The chair water basin was covered with a disposable liner; that's clever... never seen that one before.  The classic at $22 came with the regular pedicure steps and a hot towel and stone massage as well.  The gel mani was efficient and well done; hope it lasts just as long as I am used to. The mani was followed up my hand and shoulder massage.  They have a VIP card option and at the time there was a coupon on Valpak (print and online).Based on today's experience I am a fan; prices were right; services good; and staff friendly.  If the length of polish matches the impression so far; I will definitely be back.
Worst sushi I've ever had. I guess you get what you pay for; but I thought that since it was the oldest Japanese restaurant in Phoenix; that it might be good. The staff messed up our order and then when we got the missing roll; argued about it's quality (poor). I will never go here again.
With all due respect to previous reviewers; I feel it necessary to add a bit of moderation here. We come from LA and are used to pretty terrific Japanese food (try Sushi Kimagure in Pasadena for a lovely kaiseki experience outside of midtown Manhattan). The food here is good; but it is too expensive for what it is. We got the multi-course $125 per person kaiseki dinner. The sake menu is slim and there are no inexpensive options; it is missing most of the reasonable favorites one is used to finding. Our check with tip was around $500 for two people. Yes; you read that correctly. Furthermore; our dinner was identical to the couple next to ours who did the $100 dinner - we simply got one extra course. The staff is nice; the dishes are well crafted and attractive. The food is really good (sometimes over-sauced or overcooked - you get the idea); but it is not really; really great - and it darn well better be if I am paying that much. It is sort of a trendy; hipster version of an authentic kaiseki experience; from my perspective. That is reflected in the food preparation; alcohol selection; pricing and general vibe. It just isn't on par with the great Japanese meals I have eaten in NY; Vancouver and LA. I am not going to belabor the details; if you have eaten high end kaiseki meals; you will see what I mean. Good; but not amazing. And they need to offer people sake options that do not force them to spend another 200 bucks. Yikes.
I wish I could transport the Barrio Café to my neighborhood in Chicago.  This is my 2nd time visiting it while in Phoenix to see my parents; and I can officially confirm now it will be on all future trips!Love the happy hour tacos because you can try a bunch of different flavors.  This time we went for regular post-happy hour dinner and it was still amazing. The enchiladas are amazing... wow. As is the pork that is on the top of the entrée menu (I'm blanking on the name).  Drinks are outstanding as well; but very pricey for the neighborhood.  These cocktails are more like what I would expect to pay in Chicago at a restaurant downtown.If it's your first time going there; you have to check out the bathroom... you'll get a giggle; it's intense!
Very nice counterperson and easy fix on my simple car issue. My turn signal light was out and Pep Boys had me in and out in 15 minutes. Not much else to add; but a good experience for me on this minor issue.
Picture this...3 $1 bills (which may or may not be from a bet I lost (or won) at the strip club)...an affinity...a propensity...nay; a proclivity! for Irish Car Bombs and a menu that says 'CAR BOMBS: ALWAYS $3'.Those 3 words; squiggly symbol and numeral made me squeal and giggle with glee. The music they were playing was also very appeasing.Monday night; Hubzilla and I were looking for ADVENTURE!; completely exhausted with the usual suspects that we pick up for take out; we headed down to the college town affectionately known as Tempe and whipped out the handy dandy Yelp App.  Up jumps Cornish Pasty Company at the top of the list.  Eventually we found it tucked into the back of a strip mall (weirdly unexpected location...but sooooo glad we didn't turn away).  Down to brass tacks:The menu has a bunch of stuff on it; yummy-sounding stuff; inexpensive stuff...After a brief conference with our server (and a couple of car bombs to lubricate our speaking skills) we decided to split The Oggie and The Peppered Steak.  The Oggie was the favorite because once you added that red wine gravy to it; the flavors just kinda...pop. The Peppered Steak; by default; was the 2nd favorite; but was also very yummy. I just wish that the peppercorn brandy cream sauce that came with it wasn't cold. Some people really like that; I guess; but I'm a warm-to-room-temperature-or-hotter saucy kinda chick. Next time; I look forward to tackling their delicious sounding dessert menu (they have creme anglaise!!!). I REALLY look forward to going back (soon) to try more pasties!
Good beer; wings and pizza. A lot of tvs.  Waitress was attentive and prompt. Definitely found bada$$ sports bar.
I have had the opposite experience of the other reviewer. I find the employees to be very helpful and always friendly and fun. They have a decent wine selection and they are open to ordering just about anything you ask for. Having a drive through window makes this a 4 star joint to get your booze from!
Gave it a second try and saw no improvement. Food so-so and not that clean either. Done
Great place to grab lunch! Salads are wonderful.
I'm forever attempting to satiate my incredible need for Pad Thai. Enter Narai Thai + Sushi. My normal place; Thai House; is closed on Sunday; but luckily for me Narai is open! Their Pad Thai is about two dollars more expensive than Thai House; but money means nothing to a person jonesing for a fix. When I go to pick up my food; (I like to stuff my face in the privacy of my own home); I struck up a conversation with the waiter. I told him this was my first time at Narai and was excited to have their Pad Thai. He told me they are owned by my Thai House around the corner; so the food was made just the same. Neat.Except not really. It was super greasy and the portion wasnt as large. And it was two dollars more expensive. Narai will be my option only if Thai House or Malee's somehow fall off the face of the earth.
Any Home Depot is generally the same regardless of where it is; my go to place when working on a home improvement project. They seem to have the best prices of any local hardware stores and pretty solid warranties on larger products.A year or so ago I would say this location was pretty reliable on pricing and we could usually find someone to help us when taking on a home project we knew absolutely nothing about. Maybe we just don't have that wide eyed look of horror of first time home buyers like we did months ago so we don't elicit the same pity help. Or maybe Home Depot is getting more ridiculously short staffed every day. The last few times we gone to this location we have walked around aimlessly for twenty minutes trying to find someone to help us get something off a shelf or check stock availability. When we did find one frazzled lady who was talking with people in the tile section; there were 3 other people hovering around her waiting to ask her something. We gave up and left empty handed. The place was a ghost town on a Saturday morning; guess we found out why.If I didn't have to schlep it to Val Vista for the next closest location; I would just give up on this one altogether. Customer service is going downhill fast but I hope they get their act together soon.
The best pedicure I have ever had!! It's all about the hot stone massage!! Love it; now My toes look like little gems. :)
Employees were friendly however the store was disorganized and a little dirty.
I love all the staff here. They really care about you and your dog. I will continue to bring my dog and future dogs here for every problem they have. My czech german shepherd is very protective of us and they take precaution with him and take him to the back room to prevent any of that. My dog a couple months ago was at the vet for some minor limping; then took him back the next month because he was still having the problem. They gave me an xray and sedative quote incase I needed to have it done; and even called to check and see how he was doing. =) THANK YOU! I trust all the vets this is a great establishment. I do not prefer one vet over the other I think they are all simply amazing.
We ate there on a Sunday afternoon. The place was pretty dead; only about 4 other customers; mostly at the bar.Overall atmosphere: Clean; bright; smoking room toward the front of the place; full bar; a few dart boards and two pool tables. Pros:- Cleanliness: I was pretty impressed with the cleanliness of the floors and bar area.- Service: Waiter was great and checked up on us; took our order quickly.- FOOD. I got a footlong chili dog and fries for about $5.50. It was delicious and was a lot of food. The hot dog was high quality and their fresh home cut fries were delicious. The fries were not greasy and cooked perfect. Cons:- It's a bar; so it's not exactly family friendly; but that's ok.- Place looks a little rough on the outside; but fine on the inside.- SInce we went on a Sunday afternoon; I'm not sure if I can say I know for sure the ambiance/mood of the joint.Tip:It looks like they have $1 on Saturday night (in a red solo cup). We asked the waiter what kind of beer they serve for that and he said Rolling Rock - pretty impressive and may check that out sometime.
I used to live near the Lee Lees in Chandler; I'm very happy that there is a Lee Lees on this side of town. The products are basically the same; but this location seems newer (it probably is).
The best Greek food in Phoenix; the price was reasonable. The family owned staff was great. The wine suggested by the server was very good. My only issue was that the table clothes on the tables were kind of dirty. They should charge an extra 50cents per plate and change the table clothes after every table leaves. Cleanliness is next to godliness. I wanted to give 5 stars but the cleanliness factor held me back.
My son bought a remote control car online and immediately broke it. Since it was under warranty; we sent it to the manufacturer for repair. They fixed it; but it took MONTHS. He got it back and immediately broke it again. We sent it back to the manufacturer; and they sat on it for MONTHS. When they did send it back; it was out of warranty. He immediately broke it yet AGAIN. We couldn't send it back to the manufacturer so it sat in his closet for over a year; a sad testament against the 'unbreakable' and 'manufacturer's warranty' claimed when we bought his RC car. Recently; my wife took my son and the broken car down to Hobby Bench. She did have the owner's manual; which made things easier. The guy in the back diagnosed the issue right away. He told my wife which part to purchase. After purchase; the part was installed right on the spot. As in IMMEDIATELY!It's been a week or two since then. My son has been having a real blast with his RC car. I know it's just a matter of time before he breaks it again. But I know that when that happens; we can take it down to Hobby Bench to fix it. No expensive shipping. No waiting MONTHS for the car to ship there and back. My hats off to Hobby Bench for taking care of my wife and son; and fixing the issue so quickly!
I do not love Walmart; as I am more of a Target gal myself.  However; when I was visiting my mum she told me we must go to this Walmart because it's actually nice.  Well of course; everything in Scottsdale is nice! And this Walmart doesn't disappoint.  It's probably the only Walmart I will go to --- and I live in LA.  It has groceries; pharmacy; and all kinds of cheapy clothes for the kids; toys; etc. Basically if you need it they will have it and it won't gross you out to visit!
I heard about the recent changes and I thought we should give this place another try. Everything we had THIS TIME was very well crafted and made with the finest local ingredients. The prices were also very reasonable for this kind of quality and the portions were more than we needed.The pasta e fagioli was made with assorted heirloom beans including scarlet red runner beans and the pasta was well crafted and al dente. The soup was made really well.I had the chicken salad plate. The chicken salad was made with this really well developed dark meat chicken that was cooked so perfect it was a joy to eat. I think it had a little mustard and oil holding it together and it had tiny pieces of green apple and pecans though it making it tasty and delicious. I really enjoyed the vegetable salad on my plate. It was made with heirloom fancy red carrots and heirloom radishes ; fresh crunchy cabbage ; and parsnips. The vegetable salad seemed light and tasty. On the other end of my plate was fingerling potato salad. The potatoes were warm creamy texture and sort of mustardy. Overall I was very impressed with this $10.00 dish as it far exceeded my expectations.My husband enjoyed the grilled mortadella and braised cabbage sandwich. The flavors went together well and this sandwich came with a salad. $9.50.I liked that they got rid of the community tables and made that area a bar.Unlike my other visits here Chef Bianco was in the house and everything prepared was perfect. I hope when he is not there that his place will run just the same.
I think this was the first time the Hot Chocolate 5k/15k made an appearance in Phoenix; so with any new first time run I was sure there would be some bugs to work out. Well if there were; I had no idea.This race was so well organized; it made attending pure joy.I registered online a while ago and frequently got reminder emails and updates as time went on. With registration; each runner received a windbreaker-type jacket and a finishers mug with hot chocolate and fondue. My running partner picked up my race packet and she said the process was very smooth and they even had sample size jackets to try on in case you needed to switch your size!!Parking on race morning was extremely well organized and there were so many port-o-potties that we didn't even have to wait. The race began on time and was a nice and simple jaunt through salt river fields. Not much to say by way of scenery; but no matter. It was still nice and flat!At the end we all enjoyed our hot chocolate and fondue-which was delicious :) What a fun event!!!
I was looking for something in the area that wasn't too pricey; yet not too cheap either in hopes to receive a nice meal.Hit the jackpot! This place was great! The staff were all extremely friendly and helpful. There was almost an hour wait so we decided to sit outside to have dinner. They had the heat lamps on so it made it very comfortable to sit outside. Our waitress was great and the food was even better.  Scallops wrapped on bacon...to die for.....hot crab dip...good; but was a little runny..Ive had better; but still very good.The salmon burger was very yummy. I do not usually like salmon burgers but this was one probably one of the best I've had. The wine selection seemed great too. I got the fat cat pino noir...nice and smooth! Overall I am very happy to have found this place while on vacation. One day if I come back to the area I will have to eat here again.
I have eaten in Thai restaurants all over the US due to my job.  This rates among the worst I have had.  Not sure where to start.  The vegetable soup tastes like it was made with bullion; the papaya salad was so salty we could not eat it and the pad thai was just weird and not at all flavored like anything I have ever had at a Thai restaurant.  Service -prompt at first but once the food was delivered we were forgotten.  The door was open at our table on a very cold Phoenix day and we closed it.  A server came along and opened it; I explained we closed it because it was cold and he continued to prop it open and not say a word. . . . there are much better Thai restaurants in Phoenix.
Had lunch here this week with Rand H.  My chicken fajitas were good.  The rice wasn't crunchy but it wasn't soft either.  The service was pretty good.  Chains are not noted for their over the top food food but they normally produce perfectly edible recipes and decent service and this one provided just that.
I went here for a ladies lunch.   The service was great and the hotel is beautiful with holiday decor.  I ordered the cob salad and it was really good and filling.  Very nice and tons of turkey chunks in the salad.  I also had a glass of Craggy Range Sauvignon Blanc that was very nice.  It was not a cheap lunch but it was a very good lunch.
champon noodles is one of our favorites. the cinnamon bread is awesome
Amazing light show; great time for those fascinated with Christmas lights and animals!! I loved the light show they offered in the center of the pond. Lights dancing to the rhythm of the music; amazing!! Highly reccommended to those with kids or young siblings!! Would make a great family time!!
I had the brunch this time (Not my first time here)..Definitely expensive ($13) for their brunch. Good variety of breakfast items - The pongal was amazing..Idly; Dosai were just the usual. The sambar was just OK (they should improve considering it is the primary side for b'fast)..The gobi manchuria was amazing..The lunch items were OK (one snack; paratha; 2 entrees & veg biryani). Decent variety of desserts (the gulab jamun was perfect & this is another place that serves it hot)..Ordered Mango Lassi on the side & it was amazing! Final Verdict: I would visit this place again; provided; they improve their sambar!
This is the type of management/ownership running this establishment now.  I posted on the Cheers Tavern facebook page; saying I disliked the bar because of the management/ownership and received this  inbox message. I of course knew the ego on this guy just couldn't resist replying; obviously just like he does here on the yelp page. I quote: Tim MontagueGO FUCK YOURSELF you fat FUCK!!! Your little rants/post will never hurt my business...EVER!! Funny 99% of the old Cheers crowd love the new Cheers. The other 1% are the ducebags like you who pissed on the bathroom floor and thought your tough guys by punching holes in the walls.....Don't want you or any of those P.O.S. back in my bar. Don't EVER step foot in Cheers again....you will never be welcome!!!Screenshot: http://i49.tinypic.com/33d9z80.jpgClassy.
Three times we have gone through this drive thru for ice cream. The first time they were unfortunately unable to serve this product because the ice cream machine was broken. Okay; no problem these things happen. But then we went again some time later for an ice cream cone. But unfortunately they were unable to serve this product as they were out of ice cream. Oh wow! Well we just tried it again tonight. We decided to get hot fudge sundaes.But unfortunately they couldn't t serve this product because they were out of hot fudge. Well enough of that! So that was our last attempt. What do you say you keep up with ordering products offered on the menu? This is the only establishment that I have had repeated issues with and not any of the other Mcdonalds in our area.
when we lived in georgia; the wife was a big fan of the Tanger outlets there. so when they opened in glendale; i decided to take her up there for a birthday day of shopping. we arrived kind of early so there weren't many people shopping. by 2pm however; the place was packed. i'm not a clothes shopper; unless i need a t-shirt or jeans; i just go to goodwill. my wife is an excellent shopper. she never pays full price and her wardrobe is awesome. these outlets were very clean; however; the food court is just a subway and some asian food place. however; there are a plethora of food choices a short walk from the mall. i was impressed. wound up buying a white tie from Hagar; a pair of converse for cheap; and a suit jacket. parking was plentiful and free. other reviewers site pay parking; but maybe only on game day?all in all; a great saturday/sunday trip out.
Fast considering how many were ahead of me; costumer service is good... Deffinitely recommend and will come back
I love this place; They have great food and service
I should really go here a lot more considering I'm giving it 5 stars; but for the handful of times I have been here; I've just always had such a great time that it warrants 5 stars. It's usually pretty crowded the times I've been (weekends); but every time service has been really great. Bartenders are quick and attentive; the majority of the crowd is pretty chill; the drinks are decently strong and the few menu items I've had were pretty decent for bar food! But my favorite thing though; yes here it comes; wait for you know I'm gonna say OMFG WTF BRB: I love the music. It's clearly just a mashup from an iPod; no DJ I was told. But whoever is picking the music (the owner? manager?) I love you. I love you because you played old school Incubus (Summer Romance!? Wow). I love you because you played Bop Gun by Ice Cube. I love you because you played Ghostwriter by RJD2. I think we're musical soul mates AND I DON'T CARE WHO KNOWS!Anyway; nice chill spot. Can definitely get a little rowdy; and you'll for sure witness some run-of-the-mill Scottsdale nerds if you go at 11pm on a Saturday night; but it's still fun.
It's very sad to see  company turn to bad business after the loss of an owner but this one did!  I'm very unhappy with the way this company has treated me over a rent a charge.  Scottsdale Collision is not paying thier bill's so be very careful when doing business with the company.  I was just hit with a charge from Hertz along with a number of other people.  This company put me in a rent a car saying the charge was covered by them as my car was being repaired and I was charged for the rent a car one year later!  After months of phone call's to Scottsdale Auto Collision; I got the run around.  I'm now stuck paying this charge because of poor management after the owner was killed or in Jail.  The story keeps changing from the company.  So Don't hand over your CC unless you want to pay!  I was charged one year following my service!  What a nightmare this has been~!
Went in on a Saturday before Christmas (busy season) and they only had 2 people working out of 6 windows?!  Long line and it moved very slow.  No wonder the Post Office is in financial trouble; their customer service is no bueno.Return Factor - 10%
Although not prepared like your common hot-dog; Short Leash Dogs have a unique fresh taste that really makes them stand out.
This place is a disaster!  Messy aisles; a few food items I picked up had days left before expiration; some prices the same as a regular grocery / discount store; and staff members who had a hard time with the English language.  I'm sure you can save a few bucks shopping here; but for me it's not worth the hassle.
Ive been going to AZ frybread house for many years; now they're closer to me & the menus so impressive.  Try it!
We just got back from our first visit here; and really enjoyed it!  There are 2 dining options; a steakhouse (which some people seem to have confused for this restaurant in some reviews) called Dutchman's Hideout which has menu service or a family-style restaurant; which is what we decided on.  The family-style looked pretty good; and for $17.95 and all you could eat; we went with that.The tables are long benches; so everyone can eat together.  There weren't many people there today; so we had a table to ourselves.  Immediately after seating; we were brought over a small kettle of baked beans; cole slaw and a basket of warm sourdough & raisin bread.  We both ordered iced tea; which comes with the meal (as do lemonade or coffee--any beer or sodas are extra).  My father once said; if the bread is good; then the meal will be; too.  It's always seemed to ring true; whenever we've not liked the bread; the meal wasn't too good; either.  However; in this case; the bread was warm and soft and tasted freshly baked.  Signs of a good meal a-comin'!The entrees were then brought on 2 platters; one had slices of honey glazed ham with an orange/pineapple sauce and roasted chicken with dressing and gravy.  The other platter had a bunch of ribs; sauced and fall-off-the-bone delicious.  We were totally surprised at how delicious everything was.  The ham was tender and sweet.  The chicken was also tender and moist; not a dry morsel in the bunch.  My husband isn't a big fan of dressing/stuffing; but he couldn't get enough of this.  We overheard someone mention that there's a hint of cinnamon in it; and that may be what it was.  Why does everything with cinnamon just taste so good??  The ribs were also wonderful; and the sauce was tasty and lick your fingers good.  Honestly; the only sauce I got on my fingers was from picking them up and putting them on my plate; because you can pull the bone and the meat just fell right off; so I was able to eat it with a fork.It is an all you can eat meal; so if you want seconds of anything; you just ask for it.  But be aware; whatever you order; plan on eating there; because they don't have doggy-bag service.  At the end of the meal; we were brought oatmeal raisin cookies which were soft and bendy; just how I like 'em!Overall; it was a fun and delicious experience.  We'll definitely make a trek out to Apache Junction again; maybe next time we'll try the steakhouse; but it'll be hard to pass up a meal like we had today.
Just read my tip; and realize the only reason to bring someone here is so they can see what happens when you have a great concept and NO IDEA how to execute properly.
Pretty good; like all taco joints pretty hit or miss. This is my fav over the hippy shop but this place is also a couple bucks more expensive; and when your talking tacos; that absurd. oHH and this place is open later than the Local Hippy taco joint.
Who would have thought that one of the best salads I've had in a long time would be in the Phoenix airport?  The kale and quinoa salad is a must-order for anybody craving vegetables and looking for something to take on a long flight toward the east coast.  The kale and other sturdy vegetables stand up well to sitting in a plastic clamshell without getting soggy.  The quinoa adds an incredibly pleasant nuttiness and crunch.  The dressing is tangy and rounds out the dish.  Over a week later; I am still thinking about how to replicate this salad; and I can't think of the last time I've felt that way about airport food.(I didn't care for the grapes and thought the salad would have been better without them-- but I'm not docking this review to four stars; because IT WAS AN AIRPORT.)
It's Walgreens.  Generally they are all the same.  However; I will say the pharmacy staff here is very good.  They are helpful; friendly; and seem to be efficient in filling prescriptions.  They also are good answering questions about non-prescription products.There are probably two other Walgreens convenient to either my home or office; and another two or three CVS.  This tends to be my first choice of them all.
okay ; so maybe back in the day this was the place. In today's economy you gotta support your local ma and pop business. Good price ; good eats. You want food? okay here it is :) Service is nice ; hong kong has the hook up.
We were really pleased that we stumbled on to this place. It happened to be happy hour & the prices were very good. For dinner we had a ahi; shrimp; and grilled fish tacos & a chipotle chicken quesadilla. The habenero margarita was delicious and not as hot as I expected. Loved  the up beat atmosphere. We will definitely be back.
I've always heard good things about Famous Dave's; and even though I'm skeptical of chains; I was pleasantly surprised! The BBQ here is excellent; I had the brisket; which was tender and juicy. The real highlight for me were the different sauces. Each table has eight different sauces that you can add to your meat; and they really bring a whole new level of flavor out. My buddy got the full rack of ribs; and they were tasty a well. The meat comes right off the bone; and the sauces all compliment this dish as well. Minus one star for having weak drinks; but that is to be expected at a chain. A step above Lucille's BBQ at Tempe Marketplace. Check it out!
I went to lunch at Legends (formerly Coach & Willie's) in downtown Phoenix on November 14; 2012.  One lady in our party of 15 was served 15-20 minutes after everyone else.  And when the food finally arrived; most of the plate was cold.  Yes; things like this happen sometimes.  My objection was how the manager handled the situation.  Instead of acknowledging a problem (and perhaps comping the lady's lunch -- a whopping $10); he argued about it with her; and then later; two others in our party.  This is not how your practice good customer service.  I won't go back.
Nice building; but really not a whole lot to do here.  Check out the golden panda sculpture out back.
As my grandson says Oink is the happiest place on earth!  Great food and great service.  It's where to go to get a great breakfast in a hip & happening place.  Have you ever had bacon donut?  Have you ever had 8 favors of bacon?  This is the place.  The staff is friendly and efficient!
The steak here is very good. I also liked the salad and rolls. It is fairly priced and the staff is very friendly. They have a few tv's to watch the game and it is very comfortable.
Sanctum is memorable but not my cup of tea. I liked the music but it is too loud to have a conversation. The venue was very hypnotic but also impersonal. The dance floor is too small to do anything but free-style but that doesn't matter because nobody there seems to know how to dance -- and they don't care anyway. The point of dancing at the Sanctum is to wriggle for hours to the unending techno beat. The interior is dark with flashy strobe lights; which gives anonymity to everyone there. It's great for people who are self conscious because people flash in and out of our universe into different dimensions.I don't know how people manage to hook up there but I'm sure they find ways to do it. It proves that you don't need conversation to procreate. Sexual pre.ference makes no difference at Sanctum as there are all manner of persuasions that come there. I enjoyed sitting in the stadium seating to watch two lesbians who put on a stunning duet of free style dancing. Their sexuality felt very liberating.Restrooms are cool and the gothic art is worth seeing at least once.I had a drink that was spiked with plenty of alcohol. I have read many reviews saying the drinks were watered down but based on my sample of one they are strong enough to get the job done.Don't forget to take your ecstacy before you come.
Enchiladas = AMAZING. Red  Burro = AMAZING. Cannot speak any more highly of this place. It is a little hole in the wall. Or maybe I should say a house converted into a to-go counter. But that is just the appeal of this place. You get some down home cooked mexican food. This place comes highly recommended.
Ok been coming here for years; very clean; comfortable; and a relaxing place to eat. You order before you sit down and they bring your meal out to your table. Rumbi's is an Island Themed Restaurant ... as is their menu.  The quality is a a giant step above fast food and the service is fast.  I mainly dine here at lunch but they are also open for dinner. No tips required which saves you money.You have to check this place out for yourself to get the feel. Highly recommended.
My Sister's Closet it is a cute little consignment store in Town & Country. The very first time I came here was a couple of years ago.   I'm glad I found My Sister's Closet.  They have great prices and the staff is great too. Also they have the best selection of jeans in town.  I always end up buying my jeans here for a great price.  If you are in Phoenix looking for a great consignment store; you should head over to My Sister's Closet.  They now have a new Men's store that has a great variety of everything that is right next door.   :)
They have planted winter grass and it is beautiful!
First; let me say; I was very afraid of what we'd find because of two reasons.  1 - It was Thanksgiving and we didn't have a reservation. 2 - We had been to another Mimi's in Scottsdale and it was horrible.  First; we walked up around 2 PM on Thanksgiving Day without reservations; but the manager found room for us to sit with two kids.  The turkey was probably my least favorite part of the meal.  The dark meat was good; but the breast tasted suspiciously like pre-packaged turkey.  Anyway; I had a couple of drinks also; and the bartenders were wonderful.  The staff were of the caliber of a much more expensive place.  All in all; I was very impressed.  We will be returning on a day that is not as hectic.
Maybe it's my fault for not doing my research before choosing a place to spend New Year's; but my experience last night has guaranteed that American Junkie will not get any more of my business. Like almost everyone else who showed up early; I assumed their flyer advertising free cover before 11 and a free champagne toast at midnight was legitimate. What I found instead; was that the management lied; (they even admitted it to our faces); and guys were now $20 to get in. (girls would be $10 after 10)Half our group (mainly the girls) had already gone inside when we discovered that the guys we were with had to go hunt down ATMs; coming back to a line that was poorly-managed and about 2 hours long. Am I stupid for planning around a NYE flyer? Maybe. I'm new to Scottsdale and apparently not savvy enough to realize that some clubs in Old Town will just flat out lie to their patrons. They know they'll get hordes of rude douchebags knocking down their doors to come inside anyway. WHY?? Why was I even there and why did I give them my business? Never again.Oh; and the inside was packed like sardines. They let in so many people that fights were breaking out left and right; getting a drink was hopeless; and bathroom lines were a half hour long. People were hopping the fence to get in; sick and tired of the line outside. But those in our party who had to wait so long to get in were disappointed anyway.We stayed till midnight; thinking JUST MAYBE the bar would keep one promise they'd advertised all over their website; and pass out flutes of champagne. Nope.This would have never happened in Downtown Phoenix. I know it's just a bar; but honestly people; we need to hold places accountable for deception. My friends and I planned a night out that got ruined... and half our party left; fed up with the situation.Don't go to American Junkie... it is just that; junk.
I love this place. Best burgers I have ever had come from Five Guys! There fries are I believe $2.99 for a regular order and let's say that feed about 3 people. I got the Bigger sized cheeseburger and it was I believe $6.29. It is well priced for the size; taste; and quality!
I don't understand the hype!  The bread was ok; but they use over processed Smithfield Ham!  I can buy that at the grocery store.  Their mayo tasted funny; too!  Never going back!
I have been coming here for about 5 years and I love the food; the service and the price. The funny thing is... I can go to Abuelos and spend 40 dollars or I can go somewhere else; but I really like the no hassle service.I don't ever need to wait for a table. The food is always fresh and available. I have had places like Olive Garden tell me they ran out lasagna or Paradise Bakery run out of mushrooms. I never have ever had a problem here. I love the enchiladas and fish tacos!The burritos are pretty good too.
Had the shrimp and lobster.  It was OK.  The salad was fresh.  The rolls were hot and tasty.  The lobster was kind of dry.  The shrimp scampi was kind of mushy.  The baked potato was OK.All in all; it was OK; but not great.The service was initially good; but then it took forever to get our second order of drinks.
First the cons: Yes; the decor is dated. With full on Italian music playing. And it was a little pricey for a neighborhood Italian place.But it gets 4 stars because the food was really good and the service. Everyone there was very friendly and warm; and they really seemed to care that you enjoy your meal.
Let's see; $3.50 Absolut ($5.50 Grey Goose)....SOLD!!!! This is a little gem of a dive bar where you can get your drink on HELLA cheap! I think the most expensive drink is the top shelf tequila for $6. The crowd is a mismash of old timers and interesting locals.I had a great time with some of my fellow yelpers as we were nearly intimidated into playing pool while another patron decided he wanted to kick my ass. The jury is still out on why; but it was fun speculating. One of my favorite drinking scenarios is when I enter a bar with $20 and leave wasted with some change left. The Rite Inn delivered!
I used to travel halfway across the valley to go to Joe's BBQ in Gilbert; now; I have a new favorite destination for loaded bakers.  This place is wonderful - fast service; friendly people; and AMAZING food (to be fair; I have only tried the brisket; loaded baker; pulled pork sandwich; macaroni & cheese and cornbread. I am sure there is much more to taste).  We need more go-to family restaurants like this in the neighborhood. Also; their BBQ sauce is delicious. I'm not sure what the other reviewers are talking about.
Had my wedding reception at the Steele Herb Garden and loved every moment and aspect of it. The space is newly updated and DBG did such a great job with it. It smelled lovely and fresh. This space sat 75 (and some) comfortably. Conveniently located is a building in the space for the Bridal Party to get ready in and back parking lot to unload all our supplies. The Garden is such a sight for guests especially those from out of town. The cacti exhibits are larger than life and the entire Garden captures the beauty of the desert  so well.Amber; the event specialist was great to work with and the DBG events team accommodated my lighting needs.  Thank you DBG for making our wedding night AWESOME!
Went here 2years ago in May; Great ambiance and atmosphere if you don't mind the testing of lighting and waiters stumbling around and starring at you. It was my birthday and Upon moving here a guy on my flight told me to check this place out. For a special occasion I think I would recommend to pass; For an afternoon of tv and football sounds great. This place is like an Italian Applebee's! So if you like Applebee's great; go. I obviously am not..a fan of Applebee's
Early NYE warmup - sat at the bar and had the best tapas ever (Sugar Cane Pork; Gyozas; Fried Tofu).  Because it was happy hour; our drinks were cheap and tapas were $5 - super deal. Our bartender; Mr. Bill (Guillermo) was the tits.
Mr. M & I found ourselves staring at the open fridge; not liking any of our choices.  I asked him what he was in the mood for and he said pizza.  Well; I had read about BoomBozz and it was on my list to try so we got there around 1:45 in the afternoon on 12/26.  We have this proclivity to visit restaurants at off hours.  I like to have the bartender all to myself to get the lowdown on drink and food choices.  They know what's good.  And if the bartender ever happens to be a pompous ass; stupid;  or have her cans practically out of her shirt and lying on the bar; I ask for the restroom and leave.  Hence; I rarely go out to eat and drink in Scottsdale.Anyway; we had a GREAT time at BoomBozz and actually will become regulars now that I've discovered the bike path just to the north of the parking lot.  I did not catch the bartender's name; but he is an absolute asset to the place.  He knows his beers and he can talk about movies and books!  If I wasn't already married.....We had the Mamma Meatza calzone and the 1/2 chicken prosciutto sandwich and 1/2 field greens salad.  Everything was delicious.  They have great lunch specials for 7 or 8 bucks; and I was impressed that they gave me fries with my sandwich too.  Most joints that do the 1/2 and 1/2 deals don't do that.  For tasty beverages we had the Odell Myrcenary; Breckenridge Vanilla Porter; Kingpin Double Red Ale; and the Oskar Blues Deviant Dale's IPA.  All of which are stellar.  Total bill with tax was $39.34.  The beer menu is outstanding and I can't wait to go back and try more.When we left BoomBozz we immediately headed to BevMo to pick up some of those beers we had (this is a common practice in our household) and I liked that darn bartender so much; that if BevMo would have had the Grand Canyon seasonal we had discussed I would have bought a bottle and taken it right back to him.  That's the kind of gal I am.
Food was great; dinning room is to small and located next very loud bar.  The bar and dinning room are separated by a thin sliding door and there are no views this is a golf course not a strip mall restaurant.
I have been taking my black lab to the grooming salon at this location every month for several months to get a bath and furminator treatment. A couple weeks ago I took him in and they told me they had to rush becuase they were closing (it's a 3hr process and they scheduled him 2hrs before close). Within a week he was smelly and shedding like crazy; when usually he goes a month before this happens. I went in and spoke with the store manager on Friday evening; Saturday morning the salon manager had called and scheduled my dog for a free appointment that evening. I was thoroughly impressed with the handling of this situation and they will definately be keeping my business!!
Killer carne asada; good service; salsa bar; what else do you really need? Let's be honest...
Our favorite pizza place in town! Thin crust with pepperoni is the easy way to go.Don't leave without having the pazookie!
It's an airport; and you don't (ordinarily) spend a lot of time there; so why review? First; on the arrival; our baggage took an INORDINATELY long time to come out. It was just ridiculous. I am accustomed to long waits at DFW (where no one actually works in baggage retrieval). But here it was even worse. There was no organization and throngs of people stood around and then scurried to another carousel as changes were announced. We waited and waited and waited forever. The second gripe is that the TSA seems to be inconsistent with practices followed in every other airport I have used in the rest of the US. That may be the TSA and not the airport's fault; but why here? Overall; my experience was less than favorable.
This place is super rad staff is freakin awesome.
The place is nice. Service was ok. The waiter poured too much water where it splashed on the table and just said oops...We got their deep dish pizza whth roasted garlic and fresh basil; Their definition of deep dish is thick crust; so that was disappointing. Their pizza sauce tasted like rotten tomatoes. yucky. I got the tomato bisque and I've had better tomato bisque in a student cafeteria. We also got their sample appetizer platter and I only liked their avocado rolls and their mozzerella sticks. The rest was just gross. I don't recommend this place at all. Only reason they got 2 stars instead of one is because I liked the way the place looked.
Love Julioberto's!! My usual is a burrito with beans; potatoes and guacamole. Their green sauce is awesome. I think I might just like this place better than Filiberto's! Yum!!
I avoided this store for years because of the weird name; but with a newborn; you constantly need more stuff so being in the area; I stopped in here and was pleasantly surprised.  It's similar to Babies R Us which is where I normally go but I have to say; I think they have an even better selection here. Not only that; one of the very nice employees gave me a refresher course on my Bugaboo which I hadn't used in years and was like kryptonite to Superman when I tried to use it. So nice and such a big selection; I'll definitely be back.
Decent stuff and good sales. Seems like maybe you need to be friends with the young men who work here to get the best stuff. They offer a 50 % discount to seniors but only 30% to vets. That's pretty poor in my book. (especially for a supposed vet-related charity).
Wow I can't believe how disappointing our meal to go was.  I've never ever seen such small portions. I ordered veal piccata and it was tiny there was two small thin medallions. I also ordered calamari specifically for the lemon butter sauce and I never got it I got marinara. Sad state of affairs at this place never ever again even if it was free.
Damn good.  Just try one hot dog (and/or a taco).
Stopped here tonight and got an order of curry shrimp to go. The place looks like a dive but the food is really awesome. The sauce was really delicious and there was plenty of food for me to have all I could eat and share a bit with a friend. I will definitely be going back to try some more items!
I'm glad we live close. If you walk in you wouldn't think much. But the food is amazing!!!!!  Well worth checking it out!!!!
I have been here 2 or 3 times and it has pretty good breakfast and lunch food.  The place always has a long line waiting outside and I just don't get why.  Its good but not good enough to wait 30 minutes for when there are so many other options that are just as good within walking distance.  I guess I just don't get why so many people wait so long for it.
we found central car care on Groupon and decided to try it out. the service was amazing and they went above and beyond the Groupon deal. the waiting area is filled with entertainment to keep you busy. we will definitely give them our business again!
I have eaten at Guido's several times over the past few years and was always impressed with the food; but not so much with the service. Just recently; we visited again and we were so DISGUSTED with how bad the service was that we didn't even stay and eat this time.For example; the waitress never came to our table initially. We had to go the front of the restaurant to try and place an order. This did not work; as we were told to go back and sit down and wait some more. I must also say that as we were waiting in line; the owner; I  presume; ignored us and spoke with some customers behind us in line; putting their orders in immediately. So; in the end; we waited a bit more at our table and then got up and left. Even though the service has tended to be slow and rather inattentive in the past; we have never experienced this level of rudeness before. We will not be back.
So I was super skeptical about going here after reading all the scathing reviews; but I liked it! We went prior to an ASU game a few weeks back and managed to get a table but it fills up FAST. You've to go in there realizing their specialty is beer and that's about it. Our server was very knowledgeable and I told her I like wheat beers and to put together some flights for me. I was extremely impressed with her choices! Their beer selection is outstanding and their drink menu is very detailed.Minus one star b/c of the whole no food thing. You can call in food from Jimmy John's; Slices; etc. but I still think that's weird.
I came here with my son one Saturday.  The atmosphere is comfortable and inviting; but somewhat small and crowded.  The yogurt is tasty and has a reasonable amount of topping.  A good clientele.
Hosted a dinner for a medium sized party here.The manager and staff did a great job getting everyone their drinks and food.  Noteworthy was the follow through on expediting meals for several guests who had to leave shortly for the airport.I am giving three stars for the food and a bonus star for the efficient and friendly management and staff.
The place is clean and the food is good. The only reason I don't come here more often is because the calories are on the higher side. Besides that; I don't see what's not to love. I am a fan of their bagels. Much better than most bakeries.Try it! I don't think you'll regret it!
Good service here; and approachable staff. They're ready to help and sometimes even walk you over to where the needed parts are located. They don't know how to say hello when you walk in; but then again; what self-respecting auto parts store does these days? Save your receipts if you think you may need to return anything.
We went to Culinary Dropout to celebrate a friend's birthday and had a wonderful time!  We started out with the pretzels with cheese.  Everyone in the group enjoyed them immensely.  Our server was Michael; and he did an excellent job providing our group with recommendations for entrees and drinks.  I ordered the fried chicken which turned out to be fantastic!  Everyone in our group was impressed by the quality and taste of the food.  This place has a cool atmosphere and the professionalism of the staff was impressive.  The manager came over to check on us and thanked us for coming in.  If you are looking for a fun place to feast; I highly recommend checking out the Culinary Dropout!
The Original Chopped Salad is stupid good.  Seriously.I almost laughed when I saw the salad has it's own Facebook page.  After I ate it; I knew why.  And I liked the page; lol.My friends and I loved everything we had; and be warned - the cocktails are potent!  I had the salad as my meal (and shared two desserts with my 4 friends); and was comfortable (not too full; but not hungry still).  If you're a big eater; you might want to order something else along with the salad.But order the damn salad.
So New Years Day and we didn't want to make our own bkfast... I saw this place a week or two ago and we're always on the lookout for bkfast places.  We are early birds.  Quick Note : They don't open till 6am.Once we got there and ordered I was shocked at the sizes!  Well worth the price.  DH got an omelet (pictured) and ended up taking half of it; the hash and the toast home for lunch.  I got 2 eggs..I'm not really the exciting bkfast person but love some scrambled eggs.  I was thrilled with this place.  Its close and good with options for everyone and a cute ambiance.
Had street tacos.. really good!
We are fortunate to live just a couple moments away; but now that I have experienced it I would gladly drive across town for the food. My wife and I stopped in on a Saturday afternoon for a glass of wine and we hoped some small bites of appetizers. The kitchen hadn't opened yet but we decided to enjoy our wine at the bar and learn about the place. After a few moments; there are some wonderful olives that the chef brought out to us.  We asked for some bread and then the owner sat at a chair and we had a wonderful hour. We made reservations to come back on Monday night for dinner.  We are so glad that we did.  The salad was superb.  My wife got the mussels in an excellent wine sauce. The garlic butter for the bread was just as appealing as it had been on Saturday.  I ordered Steak Poivre; one of my favorites and truly one of the tenderest and most flavorful steaks I have eaten.  My wife had the rack of lamb.  Charred perfectly; tender and the bite she was willing to share with me was incredible.  I agree with one of the earlier reviewers; you may be lucky to get a reservation in this place in three months.  Go now.
LOVE the Sexy sandwich. Always nice people! REally good bialy!
This is the place to eat a hearty breakfast before plowing the back 40. There are two reasons for this.First; the portions are sized so that if you happen to be a black bear who wants to tank up before hibernating for the winter; you can do it for about $10 and be confident that you'll still have a bit of belly fat when you awaken in March. A short stack of pancakes was equivalent to a full order just about anywhere else. So you'll want some serious manual labor to work off the calories.Second; the locals love this place. At 10 a.m. on Saturday in the rain; the line was out the door. if you want to recreate the hectic feel of a New York City lunch counter amidst the Big Woods; that's fine; and the waitstaff were doing a heroic job of coping. If you hope for a more relaxed breakfast; the crack of dawn before hitching up the oxen to the plow may be your best bet.To the restaurant's credit; the blueberry pancakes use actual fresh blueberries; not canned ones or blueberry pie filling. The pancakes otherwise didn't distinguish themselves one way or the other -- they're fine; very much on the sweet side. I'd do Black Bear again over the IHOP across the street because the overall experience is more entertaining; but next time; I'd try the biscuit. The muscular dudes next to me at the counter had biscuits; and they seemed to be larger than our heads.
Wow!!!!!Forget best Yelp/Yelp Elite event; this was the best holiday dinner I have ever been to!!Last night was a foodies dream come true!I had the pleasure of sitting with Kate K; Natalie G; and Angy B; as well as Larry & Michael from Tanzy/iPic. Everyone had great stories; we had a friendly competition to photograph all the delectable food; and we each listened in mouth watering awe when Isaiah brought us one new (often local/organic) treat after another.Let us not forget my new close personal friends; Darrren with 3 R's; and Michelle; who brought us some of the finest wines I've ever had. I especially liked the Riesling and Pinot Noir. And the Shiraz/Syrah. Ok I loved each one!I really enjoyed each of the 12 courses brought out; my favorites being the house made mozzarella; beef carpaccio; diver scallops; and braised short ribs. It was all worth going back for again soon! I couldn't believe there was dessert too-my favorite red velvet and an equally as tasty flour less chocolate cake. Mmm!!The room we were in was very festive and fun. I arrived at 5; and had perfect mountain views from my particularly comfortable seat. The tables must have sat 30 people each; approximately.Lindsey; you really spoil us. There is no doubt in my mind that we have the best CM in any city!Larry; Michael; Daren; Michelle; and Isaiah; and Chef;  thank you for an unforgettable evening. Tanzy is definitely a new favorite restaurant for me! I can't wait to go back for dinner; lunch; and a party I'll have to plan!!Thank you; thank you; thank you!!!
This place is truly amazing. Especially if your a fan of craft beer. every beer this brewery makes is masterfully crafted and wonderful to enjoy.       On top of that the food is awesome. It's not your average bar food and has a lot to offer.       There is a patio to enjoy if you prefer to be outside. The patio area is cleverly split into 2 sections one for non-smokers and the other for smokers. The inside is a very nice place to eat as well. The decorations and the brick-house feel are a peaceful yet fun place to enjoy your drinks and food.       For those that care about the atmosphere will especially enjoy the inside of this restaurant as it has the brewing tanks and decorations alike giving you an experience like no other. On top of that the music is actually good. It's loud enough to hear and with musicians like Jimi Hendrix; and Sublime in the line-up it makes for a good night of listening.       The amazing service is also a huge plus. I have never had bad service and everyone is really nice and accommodating.    This is a go-to place for groups of people looking to have fun; and I would highly recommend it for business outings and customer appreciations.
Not pleased!  As a former patient of Dr. Zeman's I made an appt with Dr. Mitchell for another matter.  Had to cancel my appt due to a death of someone very close to me;  I was told to call back and reschedule.  When I did; they denied me an appt/being their patient because I cancelled last month.  I do not recommend a doctor's office that lacks compassion or understanding of fellow human beings.
I heard so many good things about this place and was very disappointed; first it was VERY expensive to eat for two people; better value and just as good BBQ next door. This was my first time here; and was over whelmed with the experience the workers didn't make it easy I felt rushed ordering and when I would ask questions; they would roll thier eyes....
We went to Jasmine yesterday for the first time (for lunch) and were blown away!  The restaurant is very clean; the manager so pleasant; and then there's the food.  Mounds and mounds of it.  But quantity does not make for a great buffet.  The quality of the food was extraordinary.  Starting with some of the freshest; prettiest sushi and sashimi I have ever enjoyed.  Flavors just jump out at you.  I never got to eat any of the hot; prepared dishes; but that'll be for next time.  I had several pieces of dim sum which were excellent.  Most especially the sesame cakes and the pork bun.  Then there's the ribs;  Best I've had since leaving New York more than 25 years ago.  If I ate nothing but the ribs; I'd be a very happy camper.  The meat is lean and tender; and has great chew to it.  The sauce is more than flavorful.  Oh; YUM!  I never got around to the soups or salads; but; again; that's for next time.  I hope they get lots of patronage and stay around for a long; long time!
I used to love this place and was sad it closed.  I spent many hours at the bar; watching tv; chatting with the crew; and munching some wonderful cajun eats.  It was a gas around the turn of the millenium and; as I said earlier; I was sad to hear of it's decline followed by it's ultimate failure.
Food and environment here are amazing! I'm from out of town; but I would eat here everyday if they had one close to me.  The island hot wings are my personal favorite.
Great Tint Shop in the Scottsdale; AZ The owner is a awesome and will treat you right. Tell them that David sent you!
A jewel of Phoenix with a vast selection of books; magazines; games and more.  Every book I've bought has been around $5 and in perfect condition; and they're well known and popular books like Pretty Little Liars.  If they don't have it; come back; they just might in the future.
I was very pleased with my carpets. They looked beautiful when he was done. I have a plastic piece down in front of my desk for the rolling chair and when I pick it up to have the carpet cleaned the outline always shows and I was told it was due to sun fading; however he made it almost disappear. My carpets not only look clean but they actually feel clean because there was no sticky residue left after they dried. I also appreciated the corner guards because I recently had my rooms painted and didn't want the walls damaged.  I definitely would recommend and will use them again.
The course was in very good shape and a good challenge.  The outside service staff was a little too relaxed and even a little condescending from the moment we got there.  The restaurant and golf shop staff were very pleasant though.  The concessions were cheap and the round was reasonable as well.  If you are passing through the town and looking for a game; this is a good place to stop.
Great service; friendly staff; great food and excellent atmosphere. Portions are a bit small for the price.  This will be a regular spot!!
Look out for their specials! Each day; they have.drinks.and.food. Today is Saturday; they have 8Oz steak & veggies.& soup for.$8.25 and long island iced tea for $3.50 and ipr can for $2! Shot of the day.. White trash apple. no commentHidden place indeed! The bar is located on Broadway in Tempe. I think I would miss this place if it weren't for the lights.Their specials are very tempting. Too bad we weren't feeling the crowd much and only grabbed A drink. There are table seats; bar seats and bench seats. The bar feels like a dive bar but actually feeds you food. Too bad we didn't get to try it.Looking for a place to watch a game? I would recommend here since there are big screen T.Vs all over the place. There's darts; pool and I think a scratchers machine. I would much rather spend the money on their cheap drinks than scratchers! HEHE I would recommend you all to look at their webpage to see what's on their special. http://prankstersgarandbrill.com/specials.html#liquid-specials Oh...Did I mention they have daily shots?! They are very creative naming their shots of the day. :P
My family loved Fate Brewing Company!We went to Fate for dinner expecting good beer. We got that plus a whole lot more.As an appetizer we started with the pizza bread. It was a great start to our meal with some red sause and spicy oil to dip it in. Good for both kiids and parents.My daughters are picky eaters but loved their in house brewed root beer and the pizza (pepperoni and  a rosemary roasted potato). They finished it off with a cake pop. Perfect.As far as mom and dad - we enjoyed a sampler of five beers. My wife loved the cream ale and the pale ale. I thought the red and double IPA were great as well.  The smoke porter was a pleasant surprise to me. I am not a dark beer drinker but loved the taste of this beer. I can totally see drinking this along side of something lighter next time I go.As far as food - I had the Molto Carne (pepperoni and sausage).  It had a little spice which I really liked. My wife had a salad with chicken on it. She said the meat had flavor and said she'd eat it again.The staff was attentive and friendly.  They were knowledgable about the menu and the beer selection. I wasn't at the bar; but the bartenders seemed to have good rapport with their customers.Bottom line - me and my family will be back to Fate.  If you like good beer; good food; and friendly people - you won't be disappointed.
It's that time of year.... time to figure out what overly priced restaurant to pick out for my office holiday party. Hey; the boss is buyin' not me. :-)We settled on King's Fish House; and I am glad we did. We had a reservation for 6pm for 8 people; figuring we would show up early and get our much needed drink on at the bar. They were very slow when we arrived so we has the bar to ourselves. ***Incoming - Reason for the 5 starts*** The bar chairs are the best! Big; cushy and have backs; AND they have hooks under the bar top for my bad. Honestly; this is such a small touch; but some places fail so miserably at these two key elements that I never go back. Seriously though; if you are in the market for a bar with awesome bar seats; you have to go here! It's genius! If your seats suck I wont stay as long; if they are nice I wont want to move; duh!Back to the matter at hand; we had a drink then sat down for dinner; Chris was our server and we were very pleased with him. *high five to Chris* He went thought the menu very well and explained everything we were unsure about. We started off with a handful of appetizers; a few oyster shooters; the combo plate with calamari and shrimp and crab cakes; and some salads. The shooters were shooters; decent quality; can't really screw them up. The fried stuff was good; but nothing to gloat about. Their ramoulade sauce was awesome though! Even ordered an extra side to go with my dinner. The salads looked ehh underwhelming. The Danish Blue that I got was ok; the highlight was the huge slice of blue cheese it came with; the rest was an after thought. Everyone got something different for the entrees and I am pretty sure everyone was happy because the chatter was to a minimum while we stuffer our faces. I got the Grilled Salmon with mac'n'cheese and grilled zucchini; excellent all around!We topped off the nigh with some Creme Brulee..... not too bad. I prefer it thinner then they serve it but I was still in creme heaven. We were all very happy; great place!Enjoy if you make it in!
Great Hefeweizen. Love the Garlic fries too. Nice large place. Great for haning out with friends after work or a movie.
Great food. You have to get the pig Mac. The waiter you have to ask for is Mike he was personable and refreshing person to talk to. A little pricey over $50.00 for to Pig mac's; large fries 4 beers
This is a nice place to visit at least once a month. The place appears clean and the owners do a good job at meet-and-greet. The quality of staff has been hit-and-miss but mostly accommodating as needed. The food is your average kitchen food; nothing to brag about.As noted in a previous review; the staff; along with the owners; need to stop eating food where the customers can see them. To top it off; I saw some of them licking their fingers after shoving their food down their pipes. They need to be more cognizant customers do judge the place by how the employees conduct themselves.
great authentic chinese dishes; need to know what to order. chicken wings and salt & pepper pork chops
This is one the favorite restaurant in Arizona.  If you like hot noodle soup; this is THE place.  You get to choose from a variety of soup base; then you get to pick 2 main ingredients ($2 for the 3rd ingredient and so forth) and there are 6-8 different kinda noodles you get to choose from!  My daughter loves its Chiu Chow soup base and me is fish soup base.  Expect a big bowl of noodles filled w/mushrooms; tofu skin; naper; and cilantro.  YUM and healthy!  NO MSG and not salty soup base.  Average cost for our family of 3 is about $25-30.  :)
Amazing chocolates!  I have tried many brands of chocolates over the years. I received the Holiday Red Hat Box as a gift.  These chocolates are presented beautifully!  They are fresh and creamy and so delicious!  In my opinion these outshine Godiva; Ghiradelli; Sees; Fannie May; and many others.  They are pricey but are perfect for that special occasion or gift.  Such a delightful gift to receive!
My experience here is unique since it was for a Christmas party; but I'm going to rate it anyway because my experiences must be heard! Background: I'm very particular about restaurant seating. I don't like to be crowded or have to stare some stranger in the eye when I'm trying to grub feel me? Okay. This place failed on both accounts and on a third the probably most important factor in seating; which is comfort. They had wood benches guys and my goodness it was sooo uncomfortable my back and my butt took a serious beating.  Plus; you were squished in and finally I had to not only stare at strangers while I ate they were within arms length. Eek!!! Now; onto the best part (usually) the food! I was majorly disappointed with what I was served that night. I was told family style bbq is the name of this restaurants game. Well; the meat was not quality and everything was swimming in gravy. Of course; your wondering why is this bad? Gravy=Good not in this case it was more like they were trying to either mask what the meat was or they were playing hide the flavor I don't know. Either way; what I was told the meat was I'm pretty dam sure it wasn't. The sides were acceptable. That is all. Kidding. The best thing I ate that night was probably bread it was hot; fresh and delish! There were also baked beans and green beans which were on there own very good but put all together and the dinner didn't mesh right. Finally; we come to the dessert; I was expecting pie or some other kind of random thing-boy was I right. They brought out oatmeal cookies and I'm pretty sure I saw them wad up the bag's they came in these were not made at the restaurant that's all I'm saying. The only reason this place is getting three stars from me is the entertainment. Unfortunately; I don't remember the band's name but they played wonderful music and had a really funny bit in between songs they liked too do. It was great and really helped me glaze over the fact that I wasn't eating. I was having to much fun watching the band to eat! To summarize; go for the band stay for the bread and then hit the dusty trail...
Babbo - please; please; please; pleeeaaase get a hostess who knows what she is doing! My kids and I love this place; great specials on Monday night; but we go there on other days as well....pizza is good; spaghetti and meatballs rock the kids world; salads are presentable and edible...but the calamity at the entrance is disastrous!!! lets work on this Babbo; I'll be back;;;but with two kids in tow; lets keep it legit....you guys do your job and I will do mine!otherwise I will have to stick with take away
As a gyro lover I have to say YUMMY & TASTY! Over-stuffed; just the way I like'em! The only drawback here is that they keep it cold in their restaurant. Bring a jacket;
27th Ave and Peoria.... This area really needed the In N Out boost!This one is right around the corner from my house. On multiple times I've order my usual:Double double animal style; extra lettuce; extra tomatoes; extra spread; chopped chilis; buns extra toasty; extra spread on the sideFries EXTRA well doneNot once; not even on their most busiest of days; have they tripped up my order. I'm no fool. I would *NEVER* take such an order to go. The spongy bun is meant to be eaten immediately; while the burger is hot and the condiments cold. Always reliably fresh. Always reliably friendly service. Always reliably clean. LOTS of love for In N Out; especially for bringing a bit of So Cal to my neighborhood.
Wish I could give ZERO stars. The Argentine I got had next to nothing on it. Instead of veganaise the bread was covered in some green grease. Looked awful. Couldn't eat it. My side of thyme fries consisted of 12 soggy fries. I paid $10 for this? I'll never get food to go from Green; ever again. Hope you take this into consideration before eating or paying for the slop they're serving.
Its ok.
St. Mary's is conveniently located in downtown Phoenix and warmly welcomes everyone who enters.  My only complaint is the heavy smell of incense before we even entered the church (it wasn't a bad scent; just REALLY heavy).  We stepped inside en route to the convention center one day and it was beautiful and inviting inside.  Not sure what services they offer; but stop by and check 'em out!
Friendly people but get ready for a production-obese worship leaders weakly grasping the mic stand and all- and a show of Christian consumerism.
Good food; a bit overpriced...I walked in for the first time and had no clue where to begin.  It was not even 11am so only three other customers were in the place.  No employee gave me a greeting or directed me where to go. The line is a bit confusing.
Hamachi Serrano and the Chirashi roll are outstanding! Also; recommend the mini burgers during happy hour. In general; the happy hour is excellent here and worth every penny. We have dined here many times and each time has been great. However; the only issue we have had dining here is with the sashimi being cut poorly. Each piece was very tough and we couldn't even chew them. Otherwise; everything has always been very good. I highly recommend also taking their all you can eat sushi making class if you are looking for something fun to do!
The caprese salad was pretty good.The lasagna was good but way too greasy; I guess the cheese did the damage (to my diet; lol).Good coffee. Good service although a little slow.Great place in Chandler if you don't have too high expectations.Fair prices.
I wish I could now give this place 0 stars. After my initial review of Babbo Italian Eatery I was told to contact them through an email address that they provided. I did and received no response. I then tried to contact them through a Yelp message directly; and still no response. I am now completely and utterly disgusted with Babbo for the severe lack of customer service and neglect of their customers. It was one thing to have a negative experience and state that I (may) never go back; and be contacted by someone from their establishment who claims to want to rectify the problem; only to be ignored. So for anyone who loves Italian food and wants good; quality service with delicious food at a great price; try Red Devil. Here's there website: http://www.reddevilrestaurant.com/
After celebrating New Year's Eve at this establishment last year and having a wonderful dining experience; we decided to return with a couple of friends this past New Year's Eve. We had an 8:00p reservation for four on New Year's Eve (2012) and the restaurant was very busy when we were arrived.  We were seated fairly fast; however; it appears that all of the reservations were scheduled for the same time as they refrained from taking our drink orders until everyone in the restaurant had been seated. Soon after we were seated; we realized that there were only what appeared to be 3 waiters on hand to service the entire restaurant. This resulted in a ~20+ minute wait (after being seated) for our drinks. Furthermore; it appeared that there was no manager on hand as on multiple occasions we tried in vain to gain the attention of someone; anyone; for an update as to the whereabouts of our food.  To make a long story short; although we arrived at the restaurant a bit before 8:00p; but were not served our actual dinners until 9:46p.  Although the food was great; the service was seriously lacking.  To make matters worse; when I went to the restroom there was apparently a bit of an altercation between one of the waiters and a diner from a table of 12 or so; which was seated next to us.  My husband informed me that one of the diners had asked one of the waiters what was taking so long and the waiter proceeded to tell the patron that he should leave if he didn't want to wait.  In my opinion; this was extremely rude given that the majority of the people there hadn't yet eaten after waiting at least an hour and a half.Simply stated; it's likely that we will be back because the food itself was good; however; we definitely will not be recommending this restaurant to friends again; at least not until we've made sure that the wait staff has improved.
I not only love my hair  when I get some add ins....I THINK ... Christa is amazing ! I have had extensions ; many types; many different places... No joke ... NOTE.. I don't keep extensions in all the time.. SO don't be looking at my hair and thinking its always fake!!!! haha... You see writing this review will have you wondering about the girl and this hair!!! Disclaimer is that I tend to go back and forth... there .. vanity revealed! ON with my review ... AS I do see that Christa got a couple less thans and because the times I had her do my hair... I loved her and my hair... Despite the first review ; this is a 5 overall for me. I've been back; this being my 3rd time. You can not tell; as you often can; that you have extensions ...My hair is long & almost platinum blonde. Often ; with blonde extensions; you can see where the natural begins and the 'other' ends as you do different styles. Well; as Christa did my hair; she asked how I wore my hair ; well in my career ; I wear it up ; down... back... I go out and I wear it all over the place ! No kidding ; you can not tell! One side got caught after I left& she fixed it ASAP. My friends love my hair ... I highly recommend. You wont pay the several hundred dollars up to thousands that I have paid in salons .. Where you go back for a hair tighten in a week and boom! Your slapped with $75 to $100 to fix it . Oh yeah ; big; big plus no pain... & quick :-) I left with a new friend because Christa is so sweet!
Potbelly started sprouting up in the Land of Lincoln of few years back. My sons coined the phrase Emptybelly since they thought the sandwiches were little girly men and not quite up to snuff in the size department.So I decided to check this place out along with fellow Yelper Georgie M. We had a late lunch since we didn't want to compete with the crowds. I must say; nothing has really changed except for the addition of the pizza sandwich. I decided to go with the Wreck. The Wreck can be described as a jack of all trades because it has just about anything you can think of stuffed into the sandwich. Let's see; you get Salami; Angus Beef; Turkey; Ham and Swiss Cheese along with the condiments of your choice. I added mustard and some hot Giardiniera to spice it up. I also got my sandwich skinnied out (thanks to Kelly R for that tip). That's when they scoop out the extra bread and make the bread look like a boat instead of a bed. I must say that the sandwich was delicious; albeit on the puny side.They have a nice dinning area and glorious outdoor seating on a perfect 82 degree day. So bring your empty belly to Potbelly and filler-up.
Chili Queso dip is always a winner in my book!
2 months ago I would have given the Deli 5 stars; but since the menu change I have a few disappointments to share.  First - they have excellent sandwiches; hands down.  However; they used to come with this awesome pesto pasta side - which is now not available.  The other big thing for me is that the iced tea used to be soooo good!  I think it was passion fruit.  Now they put in a soda station and nasty iced tea machine.  I know that's petty - but the old iced tea was really tasty and refreshing; and now it's gone!  So as far as I'm concerned; I won't be going back as often (because really; lots of places have good sanwhiches).  Without the pasta salad and iced tea; it won't be a draw for me anymore.  I also want to add that the service isn't that great.  So for all those reasons; the Deli is just OK to me now.
It had probably been about 7 years since I'd flown when I booked my flight through Sky Harbor so I was kind of nervous about the whole thing since I didn't feel completely confident about all the crazy rules and regulations people talk about all the time.My flight was at 7:45 on a Monday morning in September and I made sure I got there 2 hours early because I had no clue how busy it would be.  That ended up being way more time than I needed and I pretty much breezed through security.  I would say from getting off the shuttle to getting to my gate it probably took about 15 minutes tops.The layout was easy to figure out and the TSA agents were pleasant.  Not the way I had been picturing them in my mind; running at me with metal detectors and requiring a random strip search...I think I watch too many movies.  In all seriousness though my trip to Sky Harbor was stress free and easy and encouraged me to start flying more often!
Realized I live right next to this joint so I decided to have a look. Upon first impressions; place looks like a dump and actually kind of smelled like one to be honest. I realize this is supposed to be a divey Mexican food place but I've seen better in worse parts of town to be honest. Ordered a couple tamales and some black frijoles. Food is super cheap.  Pretty delicious. No real complaints to be made; although no real praise to be heaped upon it either. It appeared as if no care was made to keep the beans from spilling out of it's container and one of the tamales was flat like a pancake. Honestly; my roommate's mother makes better tamales even on her worst day. I'll rate this place slightly higher than two stars just for location sake and because the owner was pretty cool even when this idiot walked in and asked like 40 questions and left. I seriously wanted to punch that kid.
I did some yelp-search for some amazing pho places in the east valley; and really didn't have a ton of options; so I picked this nearby 4 star place. Now; as I've said before; I am a pho snob. I just am. I have come to accept it and embrace it. Khai Hoan is somewhere between 2.5 and 3 stars for me; and because I'm a generous person; I am delving out a 3 star review.Pros:* The service is fast.* The staff is really friendly* They offer a bunch of varieties of pho an pack the veggie pho with lots of broccoli and bokCons:* It's not located in the best area of Tempe* The broth wasn't extremely flavorful (definitely beef based)* You get a small portion for the price of the pho. $7.50 for what would be considered a small bowl of ho anywhere else I have been.Ok; last thing; which was really; really...odd...the bathroom is located behind the kitchen. Wait; let me rephrase; through the kitchen; then behind the kitchen. Wait; let me try that again...you have to walk through the kitchen while the cooks are back there cutting up fish and other random food items in order to reach the bathroom. It feels...well...unsanitary and quite awkward to traipse through the tiny kitchen; trying to avoid running into the person with the huge knife; while food is being prepared. See? Odd; right?
This is the real deal.  The arepas are wonderful although I personally never leave without eating a carne mechada empanada.  Out of this world.  The restaurant itself is not glamorous and the service can be spotty but the food is well worth a try.  For a Venezuelan away from Venezuela; it's a little reminder of home.
Three stars says 'A-OK'; but it ain't 'A-OK;' so it gets two stars. Food is well; pub food. Salty so you can get thirsty for more beer or ale; or whatever you're drinking. Go play some games with your friends; it works well for that; but get ready for louder than decent atmosphere with below average service and a great feeling of vertigo from the obnoxious music pumping in the air; and you have pretty much a picture. Great place to start your drinking and driving days; seen people do that there...
Usually have a good meal here.  Occasionally; the pizza is burned on the edges; but we love the Caesar salad; and the bruschetta is good; too.  The service is generally timely.  Definitely will frequent again.
NYE 2013 Winter Wonderland party was OK.  Not bad but could be so much better! There are so many things they will need to improve upon for 2014.  1.) Bar: We could never get up to the bar so one of the waitresses waited on us in the beginning.  She took our credit cards.  We received the first round; really weak drinks for $8! Then we ordered a second round; we never received it.  The waitress came back around and we asked if we could get our drinks; very stressed and rude she said we had to wait and she had to take care of the people in the cabanas first before getting to us. We had ordered our drinks 30 minutes prior in asking where our drinks were. Never received champagne prior to midnight.  They were going to charge our cards for the drinks we never received; then asked if we wanted them. Umm no..it's been more than an hour of ordering; seriously! 2.) Since we couldn't drink prior to midnight; after the stroke of midnight around 12:20ish; we decided to go to the bar downstairs. Last call was at 12:30 and they were not serving anymore.  WHAT!   And the staff (four to five) were again somewhat rude that we were wanting to order drinks and we were sober.  Just wanted to enjoy the celebration. So we went back up and finally got to the bar to order a drink.  The head chef came by and I FINALLY got a glass of champagne.3.) I didn't try the food but my friends liked the variety of food. 4.) DJ..find another one..music selection was really odd ..drummer was cool5.) The amount of people was perfect.  It wasn't obnoxiously crowded and people seemed to enjoy themselves.6.) That morning we heard that the food was spoiled and they weren't going to have the NYE menu which we were all looking forward to.7.) If you're spending $200 for a room that night; you should be able to get comp tickets.8.) More staff is needed; and individuals who can handle the crowd.  The waitress we had couldn't handle it for sure especially when she snapped at us for no reason. Good idea but the execution of the event needs to be flawless for it to take off.  There were so many things I saw that needs to be done.  Three of us are in events management and yelpers; it's bad when we're thinking what could be better than enjoying the party. And again..we were pretty much sober.May celebrate here again but maybe not.  We will go back prior to NYE2014
When our dog Lola was living with diabetes; my husband and I could never get away alone because we didn't know if anyone could manage her disease like we could. Then; we found Karen and everything changed. Karen not only knew how to take care of Lola and administer injections; but she was a pro! Her dog Mingus had suffered from diabetes for years and Karen knew exactly what to do. She also runs a shelter for senior citizen dogs; so she is very good overall at taking care of animals with special needs. Karen is currently our go-to person to pet sit our three little chihuhuas - Jack; Larry and Lucy. We never have to worry when we are on vacation because we know that Karen takes such great care of them. She keeps the crates open as an option for the dogs and only puts them in there for limited amounts of time; so your dogs get to feel like they are right at home. Karen's life is dedicated to dogs and you can see it. You will never find a person as special as Karen to take care of your little ones. She is truly an incredible person and we are lucky to have her as our pet sitter.
Traveling on business; we decided to try his place.  Service was very good as was the meal.  Had the steak; chicken and shrimp with fried rice.  The meal was prepared and cooked perfectly and the portion size was excellent.  Would definitely go back.
Located in terminal B of Phoenix International Airport. I was a little bit wary; since it is scrunched in btw a coffee place and pizza joint. You could probably miss it if you were flying down the concourse. Thanks to Yelp though; it got the best review out of all the food places in terminal B. We decided to brave the Mexican place (we had been thoroughly spoiled from all the Mexican food we ate in Arizona that week). I got the veggie burrito and my hubby got the chicken burrito. They were warm and pretty darn tasty for airport food! Kept us full during our flight from AZ to Philadelphia...we weren't tempted to buy any of US Airways inflated snack options. Thanks El Bravo! P.S. And no; there were not emergency sky-high bathroom visits needed.
Overpriced; Terrible service!  I've been a long time customer of this chain; but I won't be going back! For a long time I was happy to pay the high price for a great pie; but on a recent trip the poor service left a sour taste which has prompted me to visit the MANY other great pizza joints in the neighborhood.  The manager was short; snarky and seemed to be put out to have me come pick my pizza up for take out.  When I called from a friend's phone and told him I didn't have my phone but that I was a previous customer and gave him my number; he said he would just drop the pizza at my house and charge my credit card if I didn't show up.   When I did show up and had a beer with friends while waiting he had the audacity to make a comment that if our intoxication became a problem he would have to ask us to leave.
Absolutely killer place. Excellent cortado during our last visit to town. Followed by a nice macchiato today. Great music and atmosphere. Well worth the visit for the rest of the out of towners wondering where their best opportunity for exceptional espresso and espresso based drinks can be found. Small but awesome beer selection on tap and limited wines too. Glad they stop there though. No one can be the jack of all.
Our food here is usually decent; expensive for what you get; but decent However; this time I ordered the beef curry stew and it was DISGUSTING! Watered down broth and nothing but globs of fat and a few shreds of beef. The manager doesn't have a clue. Pathetic. None of us will return.
Zoo Lights was amazing this year. My son really enjoyed the ambiance and petting the sting rays.  Not to mention the Polar Slide.  We will definitely be making this an annual event for the family.
The first time I went to Heather Dill for partial highlights she asked me what I wanted to do with my hair. She took into consideration my skin tone; eye color; current style; and requests to make a recommendation on what to do with my hair. She listens to what you want and discusses it with you before doing anything. Throughout the entire time she was highlighting and cutting my hair she explained what she was doing and how the organic products differ from most salon products. She was extremely professional and knowledgeable which made me much less skeptical about the idea of organic hair color.The organic process is different than any salon experience I've had; but not necessarily in a bad way. The lack of harsh fumes and burning/tingling was definitely a positive. After my hair was dried I was pleasantly surprised to realize it was the perfect shade of blonde for me. I would have never guessed organic hair coloring to be more effective than traditional hair coloring. My hair is actually softer at the roots than it was when I walked in. After going to Heather now for over a year I can say that the organic hair coloring is AWESOME and gives my hair a radiant blonde color that looks natural and doesn't fade too much over time. Not to mention my hair is softer where it's only been highlighted by the organic lightening products. Heather has now established her own salon studio which I found on the internet and I'll definitely continue my regular highlights and cuts.
Our company Christmas party has utilized this facility on 2 occasions. The staff have been prompt and friendly; keeping plenty of food on the line and taking away used glasses and dinner ware in a timely manner. My favorite part is the location. Just across the lake from the banquet facilities is some sort of  magical christmas light show. as the night was mild; hanging out by the lake with a drink in hand and staring at the lights is quite mesmerizing.
Ever since I moved to Chandler; my husband has commented on how unhappy I look after meals.. and I always reply with the same complaint-- I'm unhappy because there's no real Asian food in Chandler! I never have a grimace after Thai Paradise though. I love this place! At the end of the day; nothing hits the spot like their curry pork ribs and Thai iced tea. My husband and I are trying everything on their menu because we love Thai food. The chef is super nice and it is obvious he takes pride in his dishes.
A very trendy joint with a young target audience in a college town. However the food was good! The gave me shrimp tacos instead of mushroom tacos but they were good enough for me not to send them back. happy hour helped too!
Very friendly on air staff and both flights landed early!  That's the best! Downside was our flight didn't have a movie and you have to pay to use the wifi.
Delicious and economically sound!!
I ate here a while ago and I can't remember everything we ordered but overall I thought it was pretty damn good. The atmosphere reminded me of Delux Burger; a little too loud for me but not too bad. The tomato gazpacho I had was fantastic. Someone else ordered the simple salad and I remember thinking it didn't look so simple; it looked great. My friend ordered the squid ink pasta which he really enjoyed (it was more sea-like than I expected but I liked it too; just maybe not a whole bowl of it). For dessert we had cotton candy; donuts; and a chocolate soufflé. They were all awesome. I will definitely be going back.
Ate here with my daughter and wife. Food was decent; but we all threw it up the next day. Yep; food poisoning. I won't be back.
My favorite lunch spot in Scottsdale AND my favorite gelato spot in Scottsdale.  Great prices; great service; delicious food.  Can't beat that!
Some of the best sushi Arizona has to offer! Coming from the coast of California I know my good sushi from my bad! Quite delicious!
Very disappointing and expensive.  We went there on Sunday and didn't realize our only choice was the Sunday Super menu for $35. That is way too much for fried chicken; especially when 2 of 3 pieces are wings! I've had better at KFC! The menu on their website was also different than the one we got in the restaurant. Had I known we couldn't  choose from the regular menu; I would have gone on a different day.
Fantastic on all accounts! I highly recommend Rex and his team to do your upholstery work. After a terrible experience with contractor we found on Craigslist; I was a bit hesitant to go with someone I hadn't worked with before or referred by someone I knew but I didn't want to ship my items out of state either; so Rex met up at our store and helped us same money since we got taken by another contractor on other items; anyways; he showed us how to do some of our own legwork and the final product came out wonderfully!. Thanks Rex! I will be sure to come back for all our future upholstery needs. You have a customer here for life!
The carne asada was ok; but it was not awesome.
I have been here a couple times to eat inside their family restaurant.  They run a great business. Their food is great I love the yellow coconut curry at a level 10! I get their food to go all of the time. They are quick and easy to communicate with.
This is a little hole in the wall with great food that requires no sauces. Had tried 3 different street tacos all good but the beef was the best smoky flavor. Also had bacon potatoe egg breakfast burrito. So much flavor along with a chorizo egg potatoe burrito. 1s...
My family and I eat from here about once a month. We have only dined in once so my review is based on the take out we get.Phone orders are always places fast and easy! The dinner specials for 1 are a great value. So much food for around $10! I love that the kids meal comes with fries bc my daughter does not like rice. The general taos chicken is tasty. The hot and sour soup is amazing! The only thing that would make this place better is if they delivered.
Went here with some coworkers last week.  Service was very good; server was knowledgeable and knew how to be present without imposing.  We tried various pizzas and pasta dishes.  Their pasta is cooked just the way it should be; al dente.  Most Americans overcook their pasta do don't be surprised if you think it's under done.  I thought it was great.  Valet parking is clutch given that the lot is small and this place is BUSY!
I needed a hair cut on my trip. Found this place based on reviews on yelp. The reviews were correct. The people are very nice. The place is clean. Perfect barber shop!
Very clean and well maintained outlet mall
It was just ok. Our server was a little absent-minded. I met my two sisters and one of their boyfriends and we ate dinner and the played some games. The games part was fun; but at dinner; the waiter split the check in two.. as if I were there with my sister as a date. He just assumed we were together; which is not cool. Food was good. I'll be back for the games; I'm sure.
If you want to impress family; friends or a date; this is the place!  Their food and service is excellent.
The husband and I drive by this place frequently and always say we should try it out. Well; we finally did on New Year's Day. We came for lunch and the place was deserted except for one lunch couple on the patio. We stepped inside and the waiter told us we could sit wherever. The husband informed him we will be sitting on the patio and back outside we went. The patio is nice. It's open and airy; while still enclosed by trees and a deconstructed-looking fence. Music is playing via tiny Bose speakers; there's a fire pit (which looks inviting; but wasn't lit); and a tiny water fall (where cute sparrows bathed). The patio was very nice during the day but I bet it looks even more inviting at night. Our waiter came out and asked if we were ready to order and I asked what type of bread the sandwiches are on and how they are cooked (they are called Wood Fired Sandwiches). He looked at me like I was ridiculous and I guess I felt a little silly; but I wanted to know if it was regular sandwich bread; pita bread; a bun; etc. He told me its bread and it's thrown in the fire; not literally; but like near the fire. I was confused but the prosciutto; copa; triple cream brie; tomato; and olive tapenade sandwich sounded really good... so I ordered that. The husband ordered the braised short rib calzone. Our meals came on a cute wooden cutting board with a side of crispy kettle chips. My sandwich came on a bun; which was delicious. Overall; I really liked my sandwich. It was a little on the salty side; but everything on the sandwich by itself is normally salty and delicious. The husband was a little jealous and stole about half of my sandwich. (Which is fine; because I stole his chips.) The calzone was good but it definitely wasn't a traditional calzone. It was wrapped in a flatbread; shaped to look like a calzone but definitely not fully enclosed like the calzones we are used to. I liked the flavors; but wasn't too impressed with the bread. (Both of us expected closed; doughy goodness.) Overall; it was a good experience and we really enjoyed our sandwiches. We're looking forward to coming back for dinner!
So; I came here with my friends one weekend for dinner and I was pleasantly surprised with this place. From the outside it does not look like much and is not very impressive; but once you step inside and smell the food your mind is quickly changed. Here is the break down:Pros:1. Food was delicious and filling2. Prices are fair for the amount of food given3. Staff was very polite and very quick about making our foodCons:1. The only problem I had about this place was space. It does get cramped in there so be attentive about how to best confront this issue when you have large parties.Over all the food was awesome and the prices were great! I would definetly return there very soon and with an empty stomach!
WOW! This IS the best pizza in Phoenix.I personally am not a fan of thin crust BUT this place changed My mind.We were going to get the thick crust until we noticed EVERY table had ordered the thin crust.The sauce is AMAZING! We even bought some to take home.The service was quite attentive as well.The night we came they had beer specials. Hooray for specials!I travel nationwide ALOT and have been on the quest for the best pizza in Phoenix for about 2 years now. THIS IS IT!I just wish they delivered to My house. They did mention that several people order delivery outside the coverage area and meet them at a gas station (QT and circle K) to pick up pizza. Talk about going above and beyond for customer service.WE WILL BE BACK and bringing more friends next time.Like that it was LGBTQ friendly.Thanks Spinato's!
I dream about Pane Bianco's rustic loaves. On a weekend trip to Arizona I stumbled upon this joint. I bought a loaf of bread and gobbled it down in minutes. The next day I returned for another loaf. I couldn't get enough.The bread: perfectly salty; with a crunchy crust; and fluffy crumb. I am now hunting for a comparable loaf in my hometown; Los Angeles.
Free Wifi and breakfast.  Close to Mill Street restaurants.  Odd layout of room puts TV in front of couch instead of bed.  I have a thing about never sitting in hotel room chairs or couches.  So skip the TV altogether if staying here.
Pizza was reasonably priced and okay tasting.  It is nice to try somewhere exclusive to AZ.  The restaurant itself is nothing to look at but I'd likely go here again.
Come ON; Arizona!  A Denny's on every major highway and by every Ramada?  Denny's faux sit down dining fast food with insulting senior options tastes like giving up and giving in.  To the American stereotype of food that's a fat and sugar cocktail and requires no palette challenge to nom.  The colorful people I saw like the grizzled backpacker in the impossibly gaudy parrot take off on the Hawaiian shirt; the guy in the cowboy hat with super long whiskers who was kind of like meth head Willy Nelson glowering in a booth; the obese; commanding possibly Native American person of ambiguous gender sitting in a center table can't be made up.  But; little was close by in terms of restaurants and it was dark.  If I was already there; I was going to try food off the Hobbit menu if I was going to eat anything because the burger with all possible breakfast foods slammed on top scared me; specifically hash browns bacon an egg cheese sauce on a cheese bun (did I miss anything?)  So I ordered the Hobbit special red velvet pancake puppies and Shire skillet. My sentiment play by play as I tried the red dye 40 pancake puppies (basically deep fried donut holes with a Duncan Hines frosting sauce) as it debased my will power was this.  The effect was indescribable; but I tried:Mmm...self loathing.  I can see the appeal.  It is soul food..but like for the writhing; loathing child inside the soul.  Sugared fried crusted food with a sugar dip and red dye 40 for your tormented; writhing inner child..  Like; what the people in the hell fire Bosch paintings want is pancakes...pancake puppies.  This kind of thing makes one's will power fat.  Puritans no doubt made it illegal because it causes impure thoughts.  Who wouldn't agree to anything if their hungry ghost is continually being fed?  Occupy Wall Street?  Eff that; I want yum yums.  I'm occupying this spot right herr.Omnomnom..yes Patriot Act.. Omnom... bring our troops home.  Oh my god; it's a symphony of fats sugars and preservatives.  It will survive plastic.  Even this garlic bread is perfectly calibrated...Pancake puppies are the equivalent of (redacted) in the dark to Disney movies.  (I was being edgy.)  Meaning they're the Kathy Geiss of food.The shire skillet was a hot oval pan of two okay somewhat runny inside poached eggs; home fries; pepper and a large; somewhat grainy; unfrozen smoking sausage.  The Hobbit myth of the Shire second breakfast skillet and large hot plate appealed to my senses of abundance. I doused it in Cholula and kind of enjoyed it.  Even though I acted like a hipster at Applebee's; I did enjoy the Shire Skillet; pancake puppies; and two Cokes that will speed my Ashkenazi genetic ills.  The crawling open mouthed desire beast in me was satisfied and I was fully docile until I had an inexplicable headache and tummy ache a couple hours later.  I think this is the seedling of the American nightmare.  Unchallenging food perfectly calibrated in sugars; fats; and salts to quell the rebellious ego.
Although I have highly raved about Little Saigon; it appears that service can be hit or miss. I initially had a 5 star review rating food; environment and service. However; awhile back I visited with family during lunch time it was not at all busy and we waited approximately 15 minutes to just be greeted and seated; another 15 mins or so for someone to get to our table to greet and order drinks and again 15-20 minute wait for food and the orders for a family of (3) didn't come out at the same time. My Brother's dish was forgotten about and had to wait again another 15 minutes or so.  During our visit it was extremely SLOW.  Many other patrons were also not greeted and waited a long time. I was surprised when this had occurred with the Owners who were both working at the time and on the floor.  I am reserving my thoughts a bit on how I feel about this place. It once was a great find to quickly turn into a bad experience. A shame when I had family who visited from out of state and we drove 16+ miles to dine here because I raved about it so highly.  This particular visit was disappointing. I've been back once after this and the service and food was very good. Perhaps a VERY OFF day for them.
I have used Arizona cold air twice so far and have been extremely happy with them.  The first time they replaced an AC unit during the peak of summer.  They came within a day and installed an excellent unit in a couple of hours.  I called them again today on a commercial property where I thought one of the units wasn't working as well as the others.  The technician came within hours and did a thorough inspection.  He then said the unit is very old but doing what it is capable of doing or was designed to handle.  He didn't even try to persuade me to buy a new unit.  And at the end; he didn't charge me a service fee or even a trip fee.  He just walked away quietly saying he can't charge me anything as he didn't fix anything.  I was stunned....very refreshing to see honest employees and companies like this one.
Best golds in the area by far!
Great collection of Sushi ... They have freshly prepared sushi which is just awesome..The service is also great...Been a regular over here...
Finally had a chance to order off of their full menu. They were at the Miller Market one Thursday and my bf and I stopped by for dinner. I had the Moki with no tomatoes and my bf had the Oliver (I think) and we shared some fried pickles. We both really liked what we had and I look forward to seeing them more around my side of town!
Great service.  Make sure you call to make a reservation.  It can maybe hold 25 people maximum inside. Yes they do have outside seating; but it can get cold during the winter.  Even with the outdoor heaters going.  I like the home feel of the place; I felt like I was eating inside a friends home.  The food is the same as it is comfort food.  I felt very satisfied when I left.  The sample plate was great and gave me an idea of what the food was like.I did enjoy the service; nice home feel of the place; and the food.  If you want to try Polish food in Arizona; this is the place.
Great tasting food at great price. Drinks are ok.  How can one mess up a fun and tonic?
So hard to choose from all of the wonderful oils and balsamic. Very friendly and helpful owners as well!
Salty as hell but so yummy! Every year we come for the pork chili; tortilla soup and huckleberry margaritas! Nice service.
Bookmans is a neat; orderly store that has a ton of books - most of them are in pretty good condition.  It's a charming place where you could spend all day wandering through the aisles reading.  It's quiet; the staff are friendly; and there's a lot to see.Here's what I hate about Bookmans:  I'll bring dozens of books and magazines in only to be told they want to buy only one or two items.  Then they offer 50 cents in cash or a 75 cent store credit.  No one gets rich selling to Bookmans.The other problem I have is that they have a website; but their inventory isn't available to the public.  Every time I ask if they have a book; they tell me to call every few days because it can't be looked up.  What do they think this is - 1970?
Good service and knowledgeable staff! Would definitely go back.
I have been going to Jocelyn at Biagio for quite a while.  I can be a bit particular about my nails.  Before I found Jocelyn; I would go home after a mani and reshape my nails. Don't have to anymore!  Jocelyn is AMAZING!       I was used to cookie cutter nail salons with tacky decor and nail techs that barely speak to clients.  Biagio is not the norm. The salon is beautiful. It has a spa like atmosphere and it is spotless.  And Jocelyn; well I don't even know where to begin. She is a doll!  We have great chats and she is a master of her craft.      So if you're looking for a fabulous place to take care of your hands and toes; go see Jocelyn at Biagio. Word of advise.... Make an appointment with her in advance. She's a busy bee.
PHX locals be careful - READ WEBSITE Rental Information and contract.Summery of issues:1.  misleading booking information unless you hunt for it on sixt.com.2.  PHX staff seems clueless on the on rules.3.  PHX staff attempts to make it seem that the rules don't apply - even though it's in the contract.4.  Customer service eventually response - but tries to give subtle blame to you and points this out by using the wrong information. Details of issue:In the on-line booking process you have the idea that the rental is unlimited miles - NO MATTER (like any of the reputable car rental companies; hertz; Avis; etc).  On their website - on vehicle selection page; to the right of the rate it states unlimited free miles incld.  There is now limitation warning on this page.  There is no terms and conditions on this page (except at the bottom - general terms that mention nothing about this).When selecting the rate you are taken to the Rate and Extra page.  Under Your Rate; it stills mention Include: Unlimited Miles.  Looking all over this page - there is nothing that warns you.  No terms and conditions link is visual.  However; the obvious place under Age Restriction; the user has to hover over this section in order for Rental Information link to be displayed.  Hidden in the rental information there is a section title Cross Border Rentals & Territorial Restrictions here it does state that Renters who do not have a return airline boarding pass or round trip airline itinerary may not drive the vehicle outside the state of Arizona.  This is also located on the Personal Information page at the very bottom under rental information.The major problem when questioning the staff - they had NO IDEA of this and said we never charge anyone extra miles.  Trying to make it seem like you will be OK  - even though their Website and Contract states otherwise.Because I read - in detail - the contract after i had gotten the card; I was still charged for the day.  However; after contacting Sixt regarding issues they did refund the money.  However they are sure to point out the following Allow me to take this opportunity to inform you of our policy that can be found in our terms and conditions on-line.  WRONG!  It's the Rental Information.So for everyone - ensure that you read the Rental Information and the Contract closely no matter if you are local or non-local.
It's always such a letdown when you go into a store that could be great; but isn't. Samantha the manager is so unprofessional; incompetent; & clueless. How does she have that job??? Maybe it's a family business or they aren't really interested in making money. Crazy. Taking  my business elsewhere.
Happily surprised.  Cool spot; great find; really good food.
I was VERY impressed with this market. The meats look GREAT and their prices are very reasonable!  When you walk in the place your eyes are filled with colorful decorations and sweet treats!  Yes; I said sweet treats.  Their cakes and danishes and other sweet delectables are so colorful it makes you want to buy the whole case full and not eat them....just look at them!    :)  Frescas?  Yum!  And fresh fish can be fried right on the spot!  I didn't get a chance to try any of the menu but it all looked good while I was there.   I wish there were Ranch Markets here in Columbus; Ohio!  I'd visit AND patronize often!
Met up with a few friends over the weekend to get some drinks after work.  Figured we would get a few drinks and catch up on life; but i had no idea that I was walking into a Holiday Wonderland!Now there is decorating for the holidays; and then there is a Coach House holiday decorating.  Not an inch is spared for their all out; in your face holiday cheer.  From the wrapping paper; tinsel; tree ornaments; and christmas lights everywhere; it is abundantly clear that it is that magical time of the year.Beyond the holiday decor; Coach House is a pretty awesome place.  The drinks are cheap and the bartenders are quick to pour you your favorite beverage.  There's a good mix of crowds; from those pesky college kids to the young professionals to those seasoned; wiser souls.  Its a bit loud and rowdy inside; but hey; what bar isn't?  Also; if you prefer a good amount of personal space; Coach House may not be up your alley.  Expect to  get close to those around you while enjoying your drinks.
I was visiting a friend in Scottsdale; AZ and was able to go in with him as a guest for free for two days.  Glad I caught the deal.Older gym feel and equipment; but efficient.  Nice staff; lots of light in cardio area.  I like the TVs are close; so you can see.Thanks for letting me join your gym for the weekend.
This is my first yelp so hopefully I'm doing this right. ;-)I've been eating at Red Devil (both this one; and the one in Tempe) for years. I much prefer this location over the one in Tempe. (The Tempe locale just seems to not care anymore about customers or quality; in my opinion.) Anyway; met a friend here for dinner last night; as we wanted Italian but not too pricey and not too chain. We settled on RD. We got there about 5:30 ish and the parking lot was already full and had to park in the overflow lot on the west side of the restaurant. [Tip to newcomers to this restaurant: Red Devil shares their parking lot with the bar next door and their take-out window is very busy with pizza orders. Get there early or settle for having to park in overflow lot or on the street.]We were seated quickly and our server took our drink orders right away. It was busy already so we didn't mind the wait to take our food order; but when he did; he was polite and got it right the first time. He was attentive to our needs and my wine refill; and all around very pleasant. I ordered Spaghetti and meatballs. It was good; but the sauce was a tad bitter from what I remember. It almost had a vinegar taste to it. However; it was still edible (I was famished) and so I ate it. My friend who had the linguine with marinara said the same thing about the red sauce.  a bit on the bitter side; but okay. All in all the meal was fairly good; and our server was as attentive as he could be on such a busy night. My only complaint besides the marinara being somewhat bitter; is our server's demeanor once we paid the check. I opted to treat my friend if she would agree to leave the cash tip. (she did). She left 20% of the bill's total; and our server; after taking the final check; seemed upset. He took several opportunities to walk past our table and either ignore us (to see if we would like more water) or to glare at us. I found that unprofessional and odd. I guess he was expecting more? Either way; we will probably come back another time to try the pizza again (which I remember is terrific). Just hopefully we don't get another waiter who behaves like he did after being paid.
The food at Pho Ao Sen was awesome five stars! But sadly it is no more. Pho Number 1 has replaced Pho Ao Sen at this location. The food wasn't nearly as good and many of our favorite items aren't on the new menu; Many of the items seem to have been replaced by Thai items. On this visit I was actually looking forward to some Bo Kho with a nice side of french bread. I am not sure about you; but I am the type that when I have my mind set on something it's set. In frustration I moved on to Pho;  I then found did not have any options for tripe or tendon. Maybe I was just ticked off that I wasn't getting Bo Kho; but unfortunately my first impression is set. Pho Ao Sen will be missed...
Best Bang for your buck no doubt!  lunch specials; come check it out.
By far my favorite place to hang out; read a book; have a muffin & a latte. Aside from peak hours it's pretty quiet - lots of people on their laptops working or lounging and reading the paper. Black Cat is truly a local gem. I adore most local spots but this is a nice break from the hipster snobs/atmosphere. It is simply homey. The perfect lil' hideout.
I went to the Oriental Buffet with my parents while visiting for Christmas. I am happy to give it 4 stars in the context of this being what it is; a very reasonably priced/budget oriental buffet.  This is not fancy; high; amazing cuisine - it's just a good value; tasty meal.Great variety of food - crab legs; meat; several kinds of shrimp and several signature Asian dishes.  The fried rice was pretty tasty and I loved the fried delights - egg rolls; crab Rangoon; shrimp.I did not try the sushi but it did look good! Certainly 100 times better than what you would get at a grocery store.I imagine this place gets pretty busy; so the food turns over pretty quickly.
Let me start off that I don't normally shop at Walmart; but this is the closest one to me. This store was recently under remodel and it looks a lot nicer. However; even if you wrap something up pretty; its not going to fix the inside. I've never actually had a friendly assistance expedience. Sure their prices are low; but the staff sucks. If I'm lucky enough to get someone's attention; I can get a one word answer with a short temper. So other than getting a good price on my cleaning supplies; I don't come here for the service.
Found this place by accident the other day and glad I did! Amazing selection of delicious liquids and gear for vaping. Gotta try the house blends too; Erin's OG  Explosion is my favorite all day vape
Never again!! This is the second time; so we're two for two; that I've tried Paradise Bakery; ordering something *very* simple both times; and both times came away disgusted enough to not eat the food. First round; I ordered a toasted bagel with low-fat cream cheese and tomato. The tomato was an upcharge; fine; but the bagel literally had one tiny slice of tomato per side. The tomato was green and tough. The bagel was cold and hard as a rock. Why? Because not only had they failed to toast it; but it was also an old; stale bagel. Gross!! I decided to give Paradise a second shot. I wanted a grilled cheese but with white cheddar and on a croissant. This too proved entirely too difficult for Paradise Bakery staff; who loaded up the croissant with far too much cheese; but failed to melt it. The result? A cold croissant with a tower of crumbly; cold hard cheese. Correct me if I'm wrong: isn't the whole point of grilled cheese to grill said cheese??? Do you think; despite my ravenous hunger; that I could even choke this down? No; I couldn't; and that makes strike two for Paradise Bakery---I will make it a point to never go back.
We frequent the Phoenix location; we wanted to take a Sunday drive so we thought we'd try the Scottsdale location.  BIG disappointment.  The wait was 30 minutes longer than we were told.  We finally got seated; and were asked rudely by an older gentleman; Did you seat yourself or did the hostess seat you?  (We were seated by the hostess)  Next we ordered the Over Easy Iced Coffee; not the same as the Phoenix location.  Next; they don't serve Benedicts.  However; once we got our food it was good.  From now on we will stick to the Phoenix location; MUCH friendlier staff and overall better experience.
I use to love wild fish.. It has slipped a little. Ahi tuna was okay and my son wasn't crazy about the chicken.. One side came out very late. Will think twice before we go back.
I selected this place based on all the great Yelp reviews; and all I can say is that I was very disappointed.  I'm fine with it being kind of a dive...my issue was with the food.  We both got ceviche apps; which were pretty good.  I had a fish filet & my BF had the dish with chicken; shrimp and beef (forget what it's called).  I found the food to be pretty salty; which I can't stand.  My fish was swimming in some kind of liquid; which totally turned me off & the salad it came with was drowned in some kind of yellow Italian dressing (Wish Bone out of the bottle?  not sure).  My BF's dish was ok at best...the beef was chewy & the shrimp & chicken were salty.  I hate to be so harsh; but I gotta call 'em as I see 'em.  Would def. not return.
WTF! As I stated in my pervious reviews; I order our items staggered so that they arrive HOT. For this visit; I ordered one small house salad; then one large pizza with extra Basil; another with Pepperoni/sauage and a large Calzone with pepperoni. I wanted them to arrive in that order. First the salad arrived and it was great. Then the first pizza arrived with the calzone arriving slightly after. The basil pizza then arrived when we were ready for it BUT it was COLD. They cooked everything at once and kept it warm-not what I wanted! The Basil pizza was sent back for a new replacement--they wanted to reheat it--WTF!. Therefore for our next visit; I will order the salad; Upon its arrival; will order the first pizza. When that arrives; the second pizza will be ordered. Then order the Calzone when the last pizza arrives. We like our pizza cooked to order and NOT kept warm until we are ready for it. Grimaldi's--Get the order correct or it will be sent back!  You got downgraded for your failure to follow what and how we ordered.
My husband has been talking about this place since he saw the episode of Man Vs Food that highlighted it.It didn't seem appealing to me; so I have been putting him off.  Next time dear.  Well; relationships are about compromise my friends; so eventually I had to give in and take the boy to Los Reyes.My expectations were not high.  I mean; tortas are sandwiches right?  Why get so excited.  And so what if Adam Richman attempted to give himself a heart attach here; I'm not big on the competetive eating circiut so a sandwich the size of my head is not my cup of tea.The store front is in a run down stip mall.  It proudly dispalys a picture of Mr.Richman.  It's a little skeezy.  I prepare myself for the worst.I have an issue with calling something with no tequila a margarita; or no rum a pina coloda.  So; maybe call 'em smoothies.  I am not impressed by the menu.My husband got the La Reyna.  Now; a little background; one of our most explosive fights to date involved what he calls 'sandwich sience'.  I was packing his lunch; 'cause I'm nice like that; and he instructed me that the way I make a turkey sandwich is completely wrong.  He tried to school me in the ways of 'sandwich science' I gave him the butter knife and told him to pack his own lunch.  When my husband recieved his torta I swear to God a single tear fell down his cheek.  The cooks at Los Reyes de la Torta are certified sandwich scientists.  The way they wrapped the chorizo in the egg was probably the most beautiful sight my husband had ever seen.  His expression trumped the one he had on our wedding day as I walked down the aisle.  His silence through out the entire meal; and the fact that I never got a bite; leads me to believe that the sandwhich was not only well constructed; but very tasty. I had the alambre de camaron.  It was shredded shrimp; onions; cheese; jalepenos; rice; beans; and tortillas.  And you know what?  I was totally wrong about this place.  Seriously.  This was so good!  Adam Richman; you did me right. Los Reyes de la Torta; thank you for a great meal!
My favorite Safeway there is. Always clean and the staff is always helpful. Great selection of gourmet cheeses and wines. I love the olive bar and the wide variety of nuts they have. The vegetables are usually fresh; unlike other grocery stores I have been to in the Valley.
One of the best Thai places I've been to. Love that they use Thai peppers to spice up your food instead of the dry spices.
I forget about this place but I came here after a movie with my 2 boys...one of which is allergic to gluten.  They have a great gluten free menu; not to mention just a great kids menu altogether.  My son loves ribs and most places have the 3-5 usual staples for kids menu...but not this place.  Also the food is great here and very filling (all portions are just huge).  I ordered the chicken pot pie and a side salad.  Both of these were just awesome.  The service is fantastic here and the atmosphere is super clean and upscale casual.  It is great for groups since they can handle the business and have many HUGE tables.  The deserts are also HUGE but since I never leave this place hungry it is hard to order a desert here.
I love FEZ and it is killing me to give them 2 stars.  Why?  The service was just flat out awful!  Our annual Christmas meet up was not a good experience.  The food was still great as always.  We sat for 10 mins before anyone came by.  Then another 10 mins before our drinks made it to the table and we ordered.  Never saw the server again to get a refill until the food arrived.  Then we had to flag another server down for another refill.  They said they will get our server.  Maybe 5 mins or more then the our server showed up.  I am so bummed!!!!
Crossroad Cutters. Best Cuts in town.  Surprise Az.
If I am at Scottsdale Fashion Square this is my go-to place to eat; and I happen to usually end up there during happy hour!  The Raw Ahi Chipotle bites are fantastic!  But; it is not a lot of food to fill you up; so I recommend getting it half price during happy hour.  The pork nachos are good (but my favorite are at Fuego); and the street tacos hit the spot.  It is always pretty busy in here due to it being attached to the mall; and the servers always seem to deal with it in stride.  Their margaritas are fabulous and they have a great variety.  The sampler is always a good way to start if you have never been to ZTejas.  The only reason it gets 3 stars is I never seem to crave ZTejas; it is simply my go to place at the mall that has good food and a great happy hour... No complaints; it just doesn't wow me either.
ate there twice while i was in town. first time was good when we sat at the bar fast service it was a Thursday and wasn't to busy. we went back the next day and it was less busy and this time we sat at a table; here the service was very slow when i ordered i asked for a mushroom and Swiss burger with bacon( not to hard to do since all the indigents were on the menu for other things) but the waitress looked at me like i was speaking German. that was the last time we say her for about 25 mins when our food came out brought by someone else ; who we asked for another round but she blew us off and never brought the round we had to go to the bar ourselves. also my burger had nothing but Swiss cheese on it which the waitress neglected to me would be the only thing on there.  we received better service at the Culver's across the street.
I should've listened to the other reviewers. Rude and annoyed. That describes the people working there on the particular day I was there. They seemed annoyed that people were there to order coffee!  The cashier was rude and rolled her eyes when someone said Oh!  Can I also get a pumpkin muffin?  It made me uncomfortable. I ordered a peppermint mocha and when I took a sip it was soooooo strong I felt like I did a shot of peppermint schnapps!  I went to the counter and said I think there's an extra shot of peppermint in here. It's really strong. The girl took it from me and made me another one. Never said a word. Not a sorry; not a oh no let me make you another one.....nothing. I guess I'll stick with what I know and not change up my routine.
Great staff. Good food. Always a great place to grab a quick bite. Usually the whole crew can find something they like.
Cute shops. Horse and bufggy rides. Beautiful scenery. Love  this area. Lived near here for a few years and enjoyed the night life also. The restaurants rock! great gelato also.
Stayed here because we received a Groupon from a friend.  Enjoyed the ambiance and decor.  LIke being in the Central Phoenix crowd.  The room was nice; we got the bigger size room so it was very spacious for two.  The bed was alright; walls were thin (which I was expecting from the reviews); which was really annoying late at night when the music from the pool/bar top area was going til pretty late at night.  We were looking forward to the free snacks and drinks and wifi but really that is covered in the fee; and the snack are behind the front desk; so we were deterred from taking advantage of the snacks because it was late at night and didn't want to go get dressed to go down to the front desk.But we enjoyed the Gallo Blanco; had a great service; great drinks and tacos.  The prices were reasonable at the hotel; enjoyed the happy hour. Didn't get to try the pool because it was too cold for us; but we might go back in the summer to enjoy the pool and bar; but i'm not sure i would stay there without a groupon because the rates seem pricey for what the hotel is.
We needed a good place for lunch near the airport and found this place on Yelp! Situated in a small strip mall and very modest inside; but the food is excellent. We started with the tamale combo and really enjoyed it.  We really liked the Ecuadorian tamale. We also got the potatoes with cheese sauce; topped with egg and olives. It was good but we've had better in Dallas; the cheese sauce lacked the spicy kick that we get at Peruvian places in Dallas. The topper was their empanadas. I got the chicken and the wife got the pork. They were the best empanadas that we have had in the US! They were simply excellent; with a complex of flavors. The service is a bit slow but I think that is because everything is made fresh to order. This place is small and may be out of the way for most people; but the prices and food cannot be beat. We were to happy that Yelpers led us to this great find. We would return in a heartbeat.
My overall review for this location of Brueggers is 1-star. But; I must say... when you ACTUALLY get what you ordered; the food is quite good. I prefer Brueggers over Einstein's any day. The bagels are softer and I enjoy their flavors better. But; one can only describe a trip to the Brueggers at 24th and Camelback as either a trip to the Twilight Zone; an episode of Candid Camera or a stint on Punk'd (or a combination of all of the above). The employees are friendly enough; and it seems to be locally owned and operated; but the employees are slow; inept and downright stuipd. I hate to call anyone stupid; but there really is no other explanation. You must repeat even the simplest of orders at least three-four times and only order one item or sandwich at a time. No matter what type of bagel you ask for; they grab a different one and you have to nicely inform them once again of the kind you wanted. If you ask for no cheese on the sandwich; they put it on any way. Ask for bacon? You get sausage. It's really that bad.One trip; I ordered two sandwiches. Knowing their level of service; I ordered SLOWLY and asked for one sandwich at a time. The employee asked me three times what type of bagel; four times if I wanted it toasted and still got it wrong. I seriously felt I was on MTV's Boiling Points.My last three visits; I brought the food home only to find the order was wrong.Today; I ordered two bagel sandwiches. One was correct; the other was totally wrong; after reminding the employee three times of what I wanted (and after stopping him from grabbing the wrong bagel).I live nearby; its a convenient location and the food is good. The service SUCKS.I typically go on the weekends; but I have friends that work in the building; and they have had similar experiences during the week and have stopped going.You have to experience this for yourself. Words seriously can't describe.
So clean and so organized; this is the place to go for some fro yo fun!  This is the place to enjoy some great tasting flavors and enjoy all of the delicious toppings.  Friendly staff and I am going to return again and again...
I try to avoid greasy; american-style burgers & fries; but don't be afraid of Joe's Farm Grill. Yes; they have onion rings; fries; and burgers; but they are so much better than what you are picturing. Nothing tastes old and stale. It all comes out hot and fresh. The building itself is pretty interesting; considering it used to be a home; then it was converted into a business. Be prepared to wait in line; because this place is always busy for lunch and dinner. Finding a spot to sit isn't too hard; but it is another place that has a 'cafeteria style' seating arrangement. I had a grilled cheese the last time I visited; and onion rings. Yummy. I know it's hard to mess up a grilled cheese; but you would be surprised- this one was delicious. I was happy to see that Joe's was on television too. This place really deserves the popularity. The staff is friendly too. Thanks Joe. :-)
I loved this cafe. I was in Phoenix for the holidays and my nephew recommended me this place. I really enjoyed the Parisian decor and the ambiance is hip and cool. The age of the patrons ranged widely from very young to older families. The food was fresh and super tasty. They had a lot of choices from really healthy ones to some that were very bad for you. The staff was kind of slow and inattentive but I'll give them a break because the food was worth it. (you know; older people)Prices were very reasonable
For all you out-of-towners; winter visitors; or anyone who wants a taste of early cowboy Americana; try this place.It's a western venue and; on weekends a biker hangout. Only if you do come here; try not to smart-off to a cowboy or biker; saying something stupid like...       Ahem..excuse me; do you know where I can find a server?That's where I can only pray someone will take you out back 'n beat you like a rented mule; mainly because you've got it coming. There are no servers here. Serve yourself; ya little pussy. (grumble)Here's the rub. You don't bring your fancy uptown shit to a cowboy / biker bar. We'll smell yer fake cowboy / cowgirl act a mile away. And most of us natives can't stand you rich; pretentious wads.  Anyway; I hate snowbirds; but if it's any consolation; I pretty much hate me too; so don't think you're alone on this one. The chile is tasty. The burgers are huge and cheap. Beer is cheap too. I wish I was an NFL star; with a ranch or something; where I could work in the off season. I'd hurt some cattle; bet on it. Oh; and suck it PETA.
place sucks; chili fries are horrible according to my son
We all heed the warnings about drinking and driving especially on New Years Eve. I do need to warn folks of another danger that I experienced this past New Years Eve. This would be eating then driving. I took my lovely wife to Donovan's Steak and Chop House to celebrate our anniversary and NYE. I had the wedge salad; filet Oscar style (awesome); lobster tail (best lobster we ever ate); garlic mashed; veggies and chocolate mouse. When we finished they had to get a hand cart to wheel me out to the car because I was so full I could not walk. I then had to drive us home (I was the DD) which was extremely difficult with the buttons popping off my shirt and ricocheting all around the car. At one point I thought we were being shot at because one button caught me in the back of the head after it bounced off the ceiling. It was wild. So be careful when over consuming kids!Oh and of course the service was awesome.
It's a thrift store; but a good step above Goodwill. The clothes is generally good; and it's pretty organized in here. They have books; some furniture type stuff; the occasional wedding dress; pj's; and all other clothes in-between. Their shoes are pretty bad though; never buy used shoes! Often they have new clothes; but sometimes their prices are a little bloated for the value.
We went to our first one in Hawaii on our honeymoon and loved it. We went here on our anniversary in April. Of course the food was good and the entertainment of the guy cooking. I don't like how they sit you with other randoms though; we sat next to a couple our age (late 20's) who were really nice; and the other side of 2 older couples (50s +) that were very loud and obnoxious sipping wine talking about how rich they were. Annoying. Ill probably be back though because that was probably a one time thing :) great place to go for a special occasion. Get the fried rice!
Super cool; tiny venue for a true up close and personal theater experience.  Staff was terrific; and very informative too.  We went to Poefest.  Great time.
I ate here twice during our one week visit to the area.  On the first visit; my experience was very good.  The curry tasted good; and the included salad was a welcome surprise.  The prices for lunch combos are reasonable; but skip the appetizer.  I cost more than the meal; and was not a good value.During our second visit; we had a different server.  No water; silverware; or pepper sauce.  They just seemed bothered that we were there.  The Pad Thai was good though; and I didn't fall for the appetizer trap; so it was ok.
You're either going to love this place or hate it.  There's no room for ambivalence at this eatery.First; it's run by a couple of crotchety ladies.  They're pretty funny actually.  Secondly; our server barely spoke English and we had difficulty understand her and she us.  This is in Scottsdale mind you; right next door to the high end mall.  Thirdly; the decor is early 1980's with cheesy yellow tables and putty/white combo wooden chairs.   You're either going to be transported to Boogie Nights or think the place is skanky; as my Aunt thinks.Be warned that the menu you see on the internet is NOT indicative of the actual menu.  I came here specifically for the sourdough pancakes advertised on the web and they were nowhere to be found.  I had the 49'er pancakes instead.  They were OK.  I believe they are the same as the wrappers they use for their crepes however; just be aware... under a different; gimmicky/cutesy name.  If you're a big pancake fan like I am you should know that they do indeed have real maple; but you'll need to pay for it.  About $2-3 extra and it comes in a little bottle.  Otherwise; you'll get the normal high-fructose corn syrup; caramel colored goop chains like this call maple syrup.Would I come back?  Probably not.  It was kitschy fun the first time but since I'm a real pancake afficionado and there's 2 breakfast joints in town that have been featured on Diners; Drive-Ins and Dives that make their own pancakes from scratch and have real maple sitting on the table; I'll probably leave the pancakes at the OPH to those staying at the Motel 6 next door -- where most of their clientele seems to come from.p.s.  CASH ONLY; unless you're an AZ resident with your checkbook handy
what a great performance!! The seats were amazing!! orchestra seats wohoo!! Thanks so much to Lindsey for the three tickets!! I felt like we had VIP tickets since we got a pre-interview before the show. The show was amazing!! The Nutcracker is my favorite ballet ever; since its a story about dolls from around the world. It reminds me of riding the its a small world in Disneyland :) I loved the live music the costume and the glitter. My favorite seen was the fairies dancing and snowflakes falling so pretty :)  This was my first time watching the Nutcracker since as a kid I always played a background ballerina like a flower or a background fairy  from my ballets school production. So much fun; thanks for inviting me and setting this Lindsey! Such a good way to get into the holiday spirit.
Been twice and really enjoyed both visits.  The drunken noodles are tasty and flavorful without being overly spicy.
So glad to have found this place! Definitely the best place to get fresh juice in town. I highly recommend the wheatgrass lemonade; but all of the flavors I have tried have been delicious. The juice is always fresh and it is always served with a smile. 5-stars!
My wife and I both ordered a Greek Gyro. I chose fries for the side; she chose salad. We also bought a side of hummus.The fries and the pitas were warm and fresh. Unfortunately; this is the best we can say. The fries were dusted with stale parmesan and not salted. The salad was a mix of iceberg and butter lettuce. The gyro meat wasn't bad; just; mediocre. Worse was the watery; flavourless hummus.Less important; but still off-putting; were the cheap paper plates and the tacky hand-written sign next to the soda fountain insisting Only 1 refill.Bland sums up our experience.
Did a nice tune up and got me some never flat tires.. roughly $150 for fixing one thing on bike; tune up and fixing tires.. Thanks
I've been eating here for 22 years so that should say enough. Best pizza; try the Ellen; to DIE for! I love the vibe here; small; friendly and the kitchen is spotless.
I like to come to this store to just pick up a few items that I'm either missing from my fridge or if I want a bottle of wine. They have a brand of wine for $2.99  Usually I also end up picking up a fresh salad to bring to lunch at work or something else pre-packaged to keep on hand. This is a great place to come as a working person because you can really just get in and out in a hurry and not have the experience of a crowded grocery store with long lines and walking forever to try to find a couple things. I love the convenience of Fresh and Easy; but it could never be my full-time grocery store because I can get really good deals at Frys with their credit card; fuel points and specials combined with coupons doubled to a dollar. I will only go to Fry's once each week though; so I swing by Fresh and Easy for everything in between!
Carne asada and Cochata are both solid tasting. My only complaint is that 1 burrito (regular; not XL); and 1 taco run $10; then a drink on top of that and you go up from there.  Friendly staff. Worth a try.
Great food and at an affordable price! $25 fed my family of 5 :) And my wife loved it...It's just what I have been looking for! And it hit the spot!!
This store is decent; but I prefer (like someone also mentioned) the one on Dobson. The staff here is not friendly or helpful (appears to mostly be teens).The selection is great and the prices aren't bad. It certainly isn't like the Korean markets back in Cali; but it will do. I'll still go to the one on Dobson before I'll take the trip to go here though; despite the greater selection. The customer service over there is phenomenal.
The food is delicious; the service is atrocious.I really hate to leave a negative review for a vegan friendly place; but the service is just so terrible It has to be this way. I have tried to come to Tediberto's 7 times. Of the 7 times; they were closed 4 during business hours that they had posted on FaceBook. How can you expect people to come to an establishment when they are never open when they are supposed to be.The food is incredible. Really. The tacos and the nachos are out of this world. Just don't expect to get your food in any reasonable amount of time. I waited 45 minutes one day for a 2-item takeout order. The first time I came the tables were still dirty from the night before; the owner recognized it; and yet we still had to ask her to wipe down the table. Definitely some major improvements needed.
Fresh food. Enjoyed outside eating.
This place was cute and fun.  I used a groupon and went with my sister and parents when they were down here visiting for Thanksgiving.  We took the tour; which was short; cheap; and informative.  We bought a small loaf of freshly baked bread to sample some of the oils.  The lunch looked great-sandwiches and desserts; but we opted for samples and a mocha since we were headed to Mesa for lunch so we would like to come back and try some sandwiches.  It was lunchtime and there were quite a few people there.  All 4 of us purchased some Christmas gifts there so it was well worth the visit!
I've been to this park a few times and it is always very run down. The playground equipment is not in the best shape and is very dirty. The sand is also pretty gross with lots of trash and debris. The picnic tables are falling apart and there isn't much shade. Even the pond looks yucky at times. I do stop by here sometimes early in the morning for a quick run around the park which is nice because it is so open.
Excellent food and service!The Monday Special (Chicken with Pommegranate) is fantastic!
If you like shuffleboard; boxing; cornholing; ping pong; parallel bars; shopping for antiques; Hamm's beer; Shlitz; Old Style and Thrifty ice cream; (whew) this is your place.An old (1928) Phoenix warehouse on the national register of historic places; this venue is uniquely eclectic with all of its weird offerings. The kitchen; an old Airstream trailer (polished to the nines) plays host to two chefs; both of whom you can spy on as they frantically prepare your meal.There are bars everywhere including an ice cream bar; and; a converted hay trailer for what purpose I haven't a clue. Parallel bars; with which you can deduce you have no upper body strength. Wooden pallets adorned with small herb gardens hanging on the walls.Lighting consists of inverted peach baskets hanging from the open rafter ceiling. There's a boxing ring; complete with gloves and I presume a no-fault waiver should you decide to jump in and beat the shit out of someone. There's even a bell to signal your knockout round. Vintage army fatigues from WW2; (the original cargo shorts) hang from the many clothing racks.Tables are converted warehouse racks. And did I mention the bleachers overlooking the shuffleboard; ping pong and cornhole games? Well there are. On the day I visited; there was a running club pounding beers at one of the bars. At the other end of the warehouse; a wedding reception was in progress. The running club was really a drinking club; outfitted in running gear. They came to get hammered and haplessly jog around the block before returning to slam more brews. I like the concept.In short; this has got to be one of the weirdest places in Phoenix; but I like it.It's truly a visual extravaganza.... a feast for the eyes. Try this. Grab an Old Style and head for the bleachers where you can sit and cheer-on your favorite shuffleboard team to victory. Really fucking weird; but totally cool.
Had the hot & spicy Sichuan Prawns; expecting too hot; but had the right kind of spice! Yum; yum; yummy. Wish the would Chinese Fried Chicken more often; last time I tried to order; they had run out; so had crispy duck. It was good; but still wish it was crispy chicken...LOL
We just had supper there; ordered the deep dish pizza and it was incredible! Our server was very attentive and informative; would definitely go there again.
Why have so many people forgotten the beauty of their local parks? I have mentioned this place to so many people who seem to not even know it exists! Beautifully landscaped & lots of parking close to the picnic tables. A good group of small but shady trees - perfect for napping or reading or napping :)  A nice water feature that makes for great bird landings - I saw ducks and geese (or pheasant or flamingos - I'm not really a bird person) splashing about to keep cool on a late summer day in 2012. Now that we've made it through half the winter; I'm looking ahead to more; ahem; reading in the shade!
Being from California; I've been going to In-N-Out for years.  Their employees are always the best fast food employees in the business.  The reason?  My guess is they get the best because they pay nearly 40% more than other fast food joints (on average)!  The secret menu and super secret menu make ordering more fun.  I always order hot peppers with my food and shhh... you can order some; too.  I also have enjoyed fries made crispy and unsalted and I have also ordered my fries animal style.  The biggest burger you can get now is a 4 x 4; but I remember back in the day someone ordering an 8 x 8 and even hearing of someone even getting a 20 x 20.This particular location has always had exceptionally cheerful employees.  The orientation of the building to the parking lot makes it hard to get to the drive thru during busy times.  Of course; this is a problem with a lot of In-N-Out restaurants.The only other comment I have is that I hate ketchup dispensers and always order the packets.  On my last visit I found a hair stuck to the spout of the dispenser.  It's just gross to see a hair just waving at you when you're pumping out your condiments.In-N-Out may not be the best burger; but it is definitely leagues ahead of most of the other chains.
Insanely good chicken. Salty but not too salty. Crisp but not too crisp. Juicy (there is no such thing as too juicy). The proprietor and staff are always so nice and the food comes quick. Absolutely no complaints; and I have been here A) A few times (what I'd tell my doctor or other half) B) Like every week for the past two years. Old reliable. And good for you; too!
I love Twirl; and I'm so thankful it's far from where I live because I might become one of those people who thinks froyo is an acceptable meal replacement. In a town full of identical shops; this is the only place that I will get froyo. Anything else is just a waste of calories.It's always a good time at Twirl. I've been there 4 times; and there has never been more than two other customers there making it a very chill experience. The midcentury modern decor really makes the ambience great.I started off with the highly-touted caramel soft serve; but the praline and pumpkin pie flavors have really sealed my love of Twirl. Topped off with the killer hot fudge or caramel; it's a dessert worth craving. I'll be making lots of excuses to come back here.
Had a great lunch and delightful conversation and service on Christmas eve while visiting from Los Angeles..
Tasty goodness
Flo's kung pao chicken is the closest I've had in the US to what I used to eat in China. It's phenomenal! This alone merits 5 stars.Flo's service is also fast and extraordinary. All dishes are great; but I wouldn't even consider leaving out the kung pao chicken!
Nice to go to see something different and get a different experience. i really liked the atmosphere of the farm. cute; picnic tables; a few chickens; lots of fruit trees; very pretty and calming to walk around the farm. but; in rating the restaurant; i would give it 0-1 :( food was not tasty at all. was expecting so much more from this place! went there for breakfast. 1st thing; they didn't have fresh squeezed OJ. how can a farm not having fresh squeezed OJ?? i think it was around $3 for a small glass of OJ that he took out of the refrigerator gallon bottle and poured it in. very expensive; overpriced for the food that sadly wasn't something i would go back for. i had gotten some sort of a scrambler and my husband got the french toast. the scrambler was ok and the french toast was drowning in syrup; wayy too sweet and heavy. also; we waited about 45min on a saturday morning to get seated; which was expected; so no big deal about that.but; i was expecting much better tasting food for a place that's on a farm and so expensive. if i go back; i may just go to see the farm; but not to eat there again. the weekend i went (in mid october); they were talking about how someone new had bought it and the ownership of the farm changed; so maybe they'll make or have already made improvements at the restaurant...?
Sadly; the place closed a few months ago.
We have went here for both breakfast and lunch; breakfast portions are big but full of grease I did not find it very appetizing. We went back for lunch my husband ordered a tuna salad sandwich and it had egg salad on portions of it like they started to make an egg salad then realized it was supposed to be tuna when asked to have it taken back server said just scrape it off. We will not be returning.
Not the best place. Sure; it's good for a quick bite for those who aren't too selective; but you can find much better pizza elsewhere. The pizza just isn't that impressive. Too greasy; and pretty bland; to be honest. It wasn't terrible; but I regretted ordering from this restaurant.
Green curry with vegetables is the best (and not on the menu; but they will make it)!  Mmmm....
Food was amazing; as usual; but service was so incredibly slow! They weren't even busy! I don't get why the service is so slow here. There were only 4 of us and our server seemed so stressed out and rushed the entire time; until we needed the check and then she took forever splitting it since she forgot we requested separate checks before ordering.  I will still come back because I love their food and they have great wine specials just wish the service was better!
Delicious! Had the Gringo Breakfast burrito; with salsa.  Good size burrito; I actually was really surprised.  Could only eat half; took the other half to a hungry husband who also enjoyed it.  The potato side was a bit on the greasy side for my taste but the husband loved them.  Great atmosphere; patio is non smoking and dog friendly. It's an order; seat yourself type place; which is great.  Service is very friendly and attentive.  Food came out quickly.  Will definitely be back to try the french toast!
Of course they had to raise the price up $10 for Christmas Day. They could though have not kept running out of main dishes though. The food was good but I have been to far better buffet's and it's cost me much less. I have to say I won't being going back here; even if it is close to home!
So yummy
I was a big Subway fan; until I tried Jersey Mikes; I eat here at least once a week...
We like Tutti Santi a lot.  It's in our neighborhood and we normally order for take-out.  Their food is really quite good.  We have tried a number of different entrees and everything has been really consistent quality.  Although I frequently see older children there (above 8 years old); I wouldn't recommend eating-in with small children because it's a bit of a quite and more intimate setting for small kids who could get restless.  But the food is great and they happily do take-out!
Great Coffee; Great service. Was in town for the Holidays (Christmas 2012) and stopped in each morning for coffee to watch the sun come up over the mountains. The owners were very friendly and dedicated to remembering repeat customers. The  Mocha was perfect every time. Can't wait until the next trip out!
Usually when you think of going to a Motor Vehicle registration; you think about long lines and people disgruntled; including the working staff.  I came in on a Friday around lunch time; and I was able to get helped within 30 minutes.  The service was great as I had all of my queries resolved in an extremely timely manner with the best efficiency that I have seen ever from a bureaucratic organization.  I have been to other MVDs in Arizona; and I feel that the culture here is stronger and more close knit.  Everyone seemed to be smiling.  Either they were happy or were putting up a good show.
This place has the best Greek food I've ever eaten in my life.  The service is amazing too!
So in love with Lux! Trendy doesn't quit cover it. People watching is priceless. Chill environment. Great; food coffee and wine. Mac and cheese with jalapenos and bacon is unreal! Sport (football; basketball; ect...) in the back room on a huge screen entertains my son and boyfriend so I can get some chill time in. Staff is so friendly and personable. Thoroughly impressed!
My fiance and I have been here a few times; along with friends and family.  I have been here for lunches; dinners; and just drinks many of times.Meal:  I usually stick to the burgers and the appetizers.  And anything they brew!  Taste:  Their food is top notch.  Even if you don't care about craft beer (which would make you weird; sad person); their food is worth the visit.  The pizzas aren't that bad; but they aren't the best option on the menu.  Onion rings are terrific; and when paidred with a beer and burger; life doesn't get better.  9 out of 10.Value: Portions are very good size and even for being a big guy; I never finish a full meal here.  The other thing I appreciate about this place is that when you ask for a side of sour cream; they don't nickle and dime you . . . and if you order a beer that isn't to your liking; they will get you another one free of charge.  4 out of 5.Service/Cleanliness:  Even during the busiest of times; this place still has excellent service.  Even when I was there for St. Patty's day; the quality of service did not deteriorate.  Servers are typically funny; nice; and can talk intelligently about beer.  9 out of 10.Atmosphere:  It is exactly what a brew house should be without it seemingly gimmicky or cliche.  Patio sitting is nice and comfortable.  And they host multiple types of events during the week which prevents the stale feeling you sometimes get when you visit a place too often.  5 out of 5.Overall:  Get there now.  If you don't drink beer; you will still love this place.  I recommend going during the movie nights or when they release the weekly cask ale.  And venture out on what beer you typically drink - I hate IPA's but I have no problem drinking San Tan's!  27 out of 30 points; 5 out of 5 stars.
These ppl just like the other one down the road;  running a 3ring circus. They couldn't find my son when transferring a prescription; so they made a new profile...and gave him a new name. Then; when we went to get the rx; they couldn't find it. Why? because they had it under his new (female; now) name. !!!???  When they finally got that fixed; they handed me 1 inhaler. Trouble is; the original rx from the other pharmacy was for 3 inhalers. They screwed the transfer up; too; and put it in as 1! That had to be fixed. Another time I went in; was waiting in a long line inside to get some sudafed; and some dude walks up to another slot and starts demanding attention. The pharmacist dropped what he was doing for the first ppl in line and took care of the guy; all the way thru to ringing him up! ?? It was Christmas Eve. We were all thrilled in the line; I gotta tell you.Then; went back again for more inhalers---told the girl my son's name and date of birth. Told her we wanted a refill; for 3 inhalers. Some guy in there was making jokes at her and she apparently can't chew gum and walk; as she fumbled w/ the computer for a while and finally said; what was the patient's name; Maria? Date of birth?  Finally; she said; ready in 2 hours. Ok. Went back in 2 hours and 40 minutes; and the inhalers still weren't done! The tech was unruffled--he's a really good tech; great w/ customer service; but by this time; w/ all the bad things I have had happen to me at both this one and the CVS down the road; I was in no mood to be jovial. Guess how many inhalers they gave me after I had to come back in another 15 min?  Yup---1. I said; um; you're missing 2. Perplexed; he took it back to the pharmacist. They fixed it. They really need more help; and better help; if you ask me.
My entire family and I have been coming to McClintock Shell for years.  The prices are a little bit more expensive than your average garage; but you know that they're going to fix it right the first time.  I just got my starter replaced there for about 250 bucks; and my clutch replaced a few years before that for right at a grand.  My license plate light went out a while back; and although I bought the bulb to change it myself I was unable to remove the panel.  I brought it in to see if they could help out and Duane dropped everything to come out and replace it for me free of charge.    They really make a point to get to know you there.  I'm 22 years old; and as a woman I feel totally comfortable going there and asking questions.  They take the time to explain everything to me and have been nothing but courteous and accommodating.
Same day service is available; but give them until the next day and it's always a perfect job.
For this beer enthusiast; on Tempe's Mill Avenue; my eyes fixed longingly on the 100 year old bank building with the origional vault and a beer garden housing 100's of great brews from around the world.The WOB staff is super friendly and have to say; I just love holiday cheer. One of my favorite tap houses in Tempe.
Groovy Happy Hour specials and innovative rolls are what I remember fondly from Fresh Wasabi. Tuna with mango? Pretty cool. Other rolls covered with flavorful avocado slivers and topped with tempura were pretty nice. I really do appreciate the creativity coming from the chefs; and it totally makes up for the boring; more traditional items that distract you from wise selections from happy hour. I had the most tasteless fried squid ever. If memory serves; these squid bits were breaded and not battered; and served with plain ol' Sriracha. The crab puffs were just 'meh' also; but this serving is definitely more about quantity and tiding you over until the good stuff is ready.Additionally; remember to always refuse deep-fried rolls from your waitress. The eel sauce is weak and sparse; and the only fillings I can recall were cream cheese and regret.As far as drinks; there's a decent sake menu; but seriously; who's gonna shell out for something more expensive than Sho Chiku Bai at a place like this? We just wanna toss it in our Sapporo like bros and call it a day. Protip: Add the sake bomb option to your menu (rather than ordering beer and sake separately) like every other sushi bar in your price range. Plum wine was cool though.So in the end; this is a generic sushi bar whose saving grace is a chef with great creativity using limited ingredients. If you want to gorge yourself on deep fried tempura everything; then go right ahead. But that's not the kind of diner I write for. I write for those who like to enjoy something more unique. And if you browse the menu at Fresh Wasabi; I think there's more than enough to pique your interest.
I am surprised at some of the low reviews for this place. Since moving to Gilbert; I rave about Bagel Nosh :) It is probably the best place for bagels and the service is fantastic! Recently; I took my boyfriend there and he quickly understood why this is my new addiction. The staff is friendly and the Honey Walnut on French Toast- to DIE for!! Love this place!
It's quite obvious that the folks at Sandella's appreciate your business; they're friendly and helpful. As for the food... I've tried about half of the items on menu so far; everything has been very good.
After reading a few reviews I wondered if I had made a mistake making reservations here for a special occasion dinner. I was wrong. I was worried that the steak might not be the equal of some of the great steakhouses in the valley. I had the bone-in ribeye; medium rare and I'm still salivating over it. While I tried the Bearnaise and red wine sauces; the steak's natural flavor; seasoned to perfection was really all I needed. Prior to that the popovers were a huge hit at our table! We had to find every ounce of restraint to hold back eating all of them and ordering more so we wouldn't be full when the main course arrived. They are amazing! Caesar salad; big enough to split which we did. Very nice!. The complimentary pate however fell very flat; tasting too acridly liver-y for my palate and I love pate. It was free so one bite was all any of us at our table had. The creamed spinach was average. Not that creamy and I wouldn't order it again. Dessert; the chocolate torte with ice cream; was average too; Service was near perfect and those who complained the room was too bright must have gotten things changed because the lighting was low but not too low. One comment was that; in the booth we had; while the room was full; we seemed to be in our own world. Very little distraction from anywhere. Cozy; quiet and damn I want that steak and popover again!
Loved this hiking trail! We did the 302 trail. This trail (versus Summit) is beginner type trail. There is very little vertical hiking. Rather; this trail allows you to really enjoy the scenery. It is about 3 miles.
Great food and very nice and happy staff. Love to visit next time.
Average beer... Great food.
Well this is a first...my two kids had the best meals out of the four of us! The mac and cheese was great as were the corn and carrots but jeez; this place has no business serving fish and seafood! The crab meat cocktail and the sea bass were both nowhere near fresh. Just so bad I wish I had sent them back.  The fillet mignon was perfect and really that is what this place should be...a steak house. Period.
Great prices and always a good selection of items.  You have to keep coming back because they get new stuff all the time
The food is consistently good; the portions are large and staff are always friendly. The Spicy Chicken and Kung Pow are some of my favorites. I typically prefer hole-in-the-wall Asian spots but this is a safe bet.
With all the pizza places on this particular corner; I would have expected a new place coming in to be over the top.  The margarita pizza was just sad.  Barely any cheese; made with sauce instead of fresh tomatoes; just an all around bust.  They don't have much on the menu - especially for someone gluten free.  The wait staff was awesome.
Excellent food ; however;  I wished the corned beef was homemade and not from a can. My friend had the Denver omelet which he says was first rate!
Super clean; super cute little restaurant.  Went on a Sunday night and had a great waitress.  I ordered the BLT which was absolutely LOADED with applewood smoked bacon that was very thick.  There was so much bacon I had to remove some of it and eat it separately later.  Hubbie ordered the fish tacos and we shared a bunch of french fries then went to see Lincoln at the theatre.  A great date nite and a very nice location for a tucked away little neighborhood place to grab a quiet bite.  Also; the prices were extremely reasonable.  In fact; we joked that for the same price we could have paid for 2 hot dogs and a coke at the theatre concession stand; we had a full meal instead. A great little gem.
I would come here everyday if I could. It had a hipster edge.. Great for the beer; even better for the food. It's reminiscent for my guy who lived in Cornwall and misses the fare there.
Went to TQLA for a nice dinner on Saturday 12/15/2012 with my husband. Was quite excited about trying a new restaurant out. Decor and ambiance = Fantastic. We sat at the high top tables near the bar which makes for great people watching. We had chips and salsa as well as guacamole. The red-ish warm salsa was amazing as well as the guacamole. Chips were also light and crispy just how I like them. My husband and I ordered the carne asada plate with the recommendation from our fantastic waitress Holli (definitely recommend sitting at one of her tables!!!). The meat was cooked to perfection. I usually have my carne asada cooked a little bit longer than most and it still did not lack any flavor and definitely wasn't over cooked. The tortillas were freshly made which always is two thumbs up in my book. I also had the red sangria which was good. Would have like to see some more fruit inside of the drink itself but that's just personal preference. My husband got the traditional house margarita on the rocks and was pretty shocked at how strong it was - so that too deserves a thumbs up. All in all we will definitely be back soon and dine in Holli's section.
Had the lunch buffet & the food was decent  for $10.95. They have a variety of veg & non-veg dishes along with the  Bread (Naan) & Basmati Rice. 2 soups - I tried the tomato soup & it was bad; the paneer dishes(tikka masala & palak) were good; the chicken curry was watery & of mediocre taste;the tandoori chicken was good however;the dal makhani & basmati rice were too bland & the desserts(gulab jamun & rice pudding) were just okay.Final Verdict: The quality of the lunch buffet ain't that great. I know a lot of other indian restaurants that offer better food than this one. They sure lack the quality on my scale. You can give this one a try though.PS: I to-go'd Kadai Paneer once (À la carte) & I loved it; very delicious! Tried the buffet for the same reason; but was disappointed!
Newsflash!!  After 10 years of living in the East Central Phoenix area; I have FINALLY found my go-to Greek place.   It's like comfort food; but it's the entire restaurant.  My cousin and I stumbled into this place --- the location is a bit difficult to find otherwise.  We were waiting for our nail appointment at Andy's salon a few doors down and decided to grab dinner since we had time to kill.  Little did we know what happy customers we soon would be!   An affordable; local; delicious Greek restaurant which quickly earned a #1 rating in my book!  Can't wait to go back and try more!  The woman who took our orders and cooked the food was just so wonderful!  She recommended the Spicy Chicken pita to me; so I took her word  (see my Humble Pie review; where I learned my lesson for not following restaurant recommendations!).  It was a great choice!!   My cousin had the gyro pita; which was melt in your mouth delicious too.  We also shared a spanekopita; which was just so fresh and well made.  It was piping hot food; she cooked to order (hold the onions for me!); and the flavors were perfect. The portions were great; the hummus was tasty; the pita so soft and perfectly grilled.  The Olympic Flame has even mastered the use of garlic; which many restaurants seem not to be able to manage.  The only downside to this place is that I guess I won't scare vampires off at night after eating here (see my previous review of Eden's Garlic Grill if you are looking to keep the vampires away); but I will sleep well with a fully belly and leftovers in the fridge for tomorrow!
We had a spectacular meal. Don't let the strip mall fool you. It's a place for foodies who love to have an endless wine selection right next door. The food was so fresh and each ingredient shined. The owner Todd is delightful as is his staff. The quinoa salad was amazing as was the grouper and pork tenderloin. This restaurant is a must!!!!
This place sets a new standard for mediocrity.  Felt like I was sitting in a dirty barn.I do have to say; the brisket was good; but that's as far as it goes.  The cole slaw was bland; the pork was fair and the corn on the cob was water-logged.  Could have rung it out like a sponge.  We were afraid to touch the bottles of barbeque sauce that were on the table...encrusted with food.   Hard to believe that this place got good reviews...no accounting for good taste; I guess.
This place knows how to fix a breakfast (hot; fast; tasty; friendly; and real food (not from a container)). We will visit here whenever we are in the area!!
I really like this place and don't understand why it's empty most of the time.  The food is always served piping hot and quite yummy.  Sadly; all items are a dollar too much in my opinion (coming from Los Angeles). I'd go here much more often if it was more affordable. The toppings might be a tad skimpy for an average American... (eg. not enough meat); although I manage to eat proportionally.
Had a blast here with my family; but lost all my money (my uncle was much luckier than I was that night.) Though it was a drive (an hour from Scottsdale) it was worth it for the 8+ hours we were there. A few perks were the number of video poker machines; penny slots; and a small smoke free room. I sort of wish the whole establishment was smoke-free; but take that from a non-smoker. Lots of parking and it's always open. We ended up staying tile 5 a.m. and had fun along the way. We did eat at the snack bar and because my uncle had played so much we basically had our snack comped from all the points on his players card...kinda cool!
Awesome! mustard beef ribs are a must.  We ordered the jalapeño corn bread as an appetizer and received perfect service; very attentive yet not obtrusive. The best meal I've had on my trip and would return without any hesitation.
I ended up here on a Sunday because Teavana didn't open until 12pm. This place is way better than Teavana and reasonably priced. Holly was very helpful and gave great recommendations. I love that you can smell the small jars of tea yourself and don't have to wait for someone to do it for you. There are tons of tea accessories and gifts. Holly even gift wraps!!  I also like that she sends tea to the troops overseas and you can purchase a bag of tea and personalize your own message. I recommend going here if you are interested in drinking good quality tea and have any questions. I don't live close; but will make the trip to go here.I will definitely be back!!
Raunchy adult satire is the norm here by some of the best 'not ready for prime time' people in the southwest.Intimate; funky space reminds me of the '80s lower east side in NYC or '90s DUMBO.A rite of passage at a minimum; and a savory delicacy for initiates.
A better name would have been Korean BBQ and Child Care Center. :-( Loud children running from room to room make for a tense meal.The waitress was very nice; but did seem overworked.  There was another woman working; but she chatted behind the bar and didn't seem to be very helpful. The food was good but not spicy at all. Asking for Sriracha was like pulling teeth. It wasn't bad but Chodang is waaay better.
Another outstanding experience at the best Irish themed bar that I know of stateside.  Fantastic menu with some unique gastropub style small plates like Brussels sprouts with apples; otherwise some familiar old school fare like burgers and fish & chips.  What makes this place great is absolutely the atmo and service which is very; very accommodating.  Offers a wonderful variety of warm drinks for cold weather cheer.  Easily the coziest place to hang on Mill.
First time here; not very busy this AM. Great menu homemade Corned Beef Hash. Yum
Eeeewwww.Eeeewwww. Super gross. Why would I EVER subject my body to wearing clothing or shoes that have been kicked around several times and are; essentially; in their final resting place?!Do yourself a favor.....pay full price at a moderately priced store instead of this joke of a flea market. The labels may not say high fashion runway when purchased at the local mall stores; but they are decidedly more sanitary than the threads lining this dungeon.
Last night we were driving around after running an errand and couldn't decide on a spot for dinner when we remembered Charleston's. We were seated right away at a nice large booth in the back; my favorite spot to sit there. I looked at the menu and wondered why I was bothering when I knew I wanted the chicken salad sandwich; until my eyes kept going up and down and never saw it! When our waitress came to take our drink orders I asked and she said that yes they did remove it from the menu. No!!! It was one of my favorite things their besides the amazing potato soup. Ah; fine. Looks like it is time for something new.I ended up going with the chicken parm and salad. It sounded different than your regular Italian marinara flooded melted cheese monster and I was intrigued. My boyfriend did get a cup of the baked potato soup and we shared it before our meals. Seriously I know baked potato soup became a popular item for places to serve but only Charleston's knows how to do it right. It is just perfect.It was nice to see my plate come out with a nice helping of mixed greens along with two large chicken breasts and a small pile of angel hair pasta. A healthy balance if you would like to call it that. The salad was great with tiny mozzarella bits and tomatoes with some type of balsamic house dressing. I finished it all before starting on the chicken. After the first bite I was almost happy they took my sandwich off the menu or else I may have never given this dish a chance. The crust was some type of chopped walnut or another and it was light and crispy; not deep fried breading. The meat was cooked A+ and all around delicious. I barely got into the pasta because it was an afterthought. One piece of chicken would have been enough; but for the price I was pleased they give you two and I took the second home along with the pasta that I will enjoy later today I'm sure.Somehow we were feeling decadent and ordered the apple walnut cobbler with vanilla ice cream. It was giant and scrumptious but I was only able to handle a few bites; thankfully my boyfriend was in love with it so it didn't go to waste.Our waitress was just as amazing as the meal was. I am happy this place is still giving great service as we continue to be satisfied patrons.
I have been eating at this joint for the last 4 years. I have probably paid for someones college. The food is always amazing. The staff is always friendly and the garlic dip and hummus is out of sight. (That means FANTASTIC for those born after 1990) I give it a 10 on a scale of 1-Awesome.Go. Eat. Now.
I went to Pei Wei for some orange chicken.  They have an open kitchen area; a counter to order at; and a large seating area.  They also have a special door and counter area for take-out orders.  The orange chicken was $9.00 after tax.  The orange chicken here is very different than other recipes I've had but it is good.  The chicken is very lightly glazed in an orange sauce that is not overly sweet like some places (see my review of Tott's).  The chicken is accompanied by slivers of orange peal; soft thinly sliced carrots; crisp snow peas and a little bit of green onion and bean sprouts.  I appreciate the fact that I can taste the tender chicken because it is not deep fried.  The orange flavor is there but it is not overpowering.  The vegetables are a welcomed change of pace from the usual orange chicken than is just deep fried chicken in a sugary sauce.  I do miss the spicy kick of the orange chicken recipes that have red and black peppers; but I also realize that would screw up THIS recipe because it would overpower the other flavors.  I feel like I am eating healthier when I am eating this dish from Pai Wei and yet I am satisfying my craving for orange chicken.  Overall; I am satisfied with this experience.  You pay a little more for this orange chicken than you might at Tott's or Panda Express but you get what you pay for.
What great hot subs! The barbecue sauce they make is fantastic and oh how I love all the hot sauces they have!!
Comfort food at its... well; not at its best; but not at its worst either.The buffet is very hit or miss; you have to use your instincts to navigate the dangerous line of mediocre salad items and cringe-worthy side dishes to find the really good stuff. Whenever I come here; I stick with sampling a few different pasta salads and then gorging myself on the pizza bread.This place also has macaroni and cheese; soup; salads; muffins; corn bread; etc. The food is all very homey. It's good for a lunch date with a friend; although my buddy got sick from the soup here once. But he is a voracious eater.All in all; a decent experience for me whenever I visit.
One word: Chilaquiles.  They are fantastic here!  One side has red sauce; while the other has green - I love split personalities!  I also like the comfortable atmosphere here; on warm days and nights their patio is lovely; with a nice fireplace; those good white lights (not the god awful led ones); and a selection of items that will appeal to everyone.  They open earlier for brunch on Sundays than on Saturdays which we discovered one unfortunate Saturday after we had done a charity walk; and were starving only to discover that we had an hour to kill.  I had my heart set on those chilaquiles as well as some guac; so not even Vincent's market next store could quench that beast and we wound up getting nice and happy with a bottle of mimosas while we waited for Chelsea's to open.  A word to the wise; 2 people can eat off those taco plates and still take home leftovers (I'm also glad to see they took that uninspired white rice and beans off the plate and replaced it with kale salad!); and I never order dessert here when those scrumptious chocolate chip cookies with sea salt are taunting me as I walk out.  I know this is probably bad form; but I always grab at least 2.  I know.  I just can't help myself.
This place is right in my neighborhood; and I usually go for takeout. The food is good and cheap - think a slighly more upscale Filiberto's without the resulting stomach ache. Very casual; order at the counter and seat yourself. Try the lengua and the albondigas. My one complaint is the hours - 7:30am to 9pm. A place like this needs to have early morning hours for the breakfast burrito crowd and late night hours for the fourthmeal crowd. Not that there's ever been a crowd in the place - but maybe there would be if they were open later!
Saw an episode of this place on the cooking channel and of course had to try it out. A-FRICKEN-MAZING.  The food was was like nothing I've ever tasted.  I will try to go again the next time im in town.
I usually enjoy coming here for some quick Mexican food but the last time I was here there were some faults The service was ok. Very brief didn't ask if I would like to add cheese or rice to my all meat carne asada burrito. Mind you i hadn't been to this restaurant in a while so I forgot to ask. But it would have been nice to have been reminded. Restaurant was quite dirty and the tables were mostly sticky; I had to choose multiple tables before I sat at a semi clean one. Wayyyy to much meat in my burrito would have really enjoyed cheese or sour cream
Excellent food and ambiance. The best chicken I have ever had.
This place has a bigger dance room rather than other places.
Big portions and great food.  You must try their fried pickles...delish.
So far so good. The wood fired Salmon dish rocks. The grilled chicken wood fired dish was very flavorful.....Cool waitress for sure tonight. Name to follow soon.....CHOOSE HER!!! However; little on the grungy; dirty side. Would not pass my white glove test I am sure. Get your cleaning supplies out Mr. GM!! I hear your a wanna be?? Well; get to be and start crackin!!
Great place; love Brittney; Tomas and Chuey.  Food is always predictably decent; service is really great.  Awesome view of the lake; great patio.  We love this place!!
Zero stars.  From walking in the door to our premature exit; this place had one strike after another.  We walked in; and there was a couple ahead of us who appeared to be having some issue with the maitre d'.  My guess is that they didn't have a reservation; and the two people behind the counter were trying to figure out where to seat them.  I understand that; but both people didn't need to help the one couple.  The two of them were staring at the computer screen like they were watching a movie.  Tick tock; tick tock.  Finally one of them went off to seat the couple.  We checked in (we had a reservation) and the guy seated us.  He wasn't particularly friendly; and acted like he was just going through the motions.  Tick tock; tick tock; waiting and waiting for somebody to come over and just bring us some water.  Finally our waiter; Jeremy; came over and gave us some menus; and left us.  Tick tock; tick tock.  Finally somebody brought us some water.  Finally Jeremy came back and asked us about drinks.  We ordered a bottle of wine; and his immediate response was that he didn't think they had any more of that wine; and he would have to check.  Tick tock; tick tock.  Jeremy's running all over the place; to other tables; and we're sitting there.  Finally he comes back to tell us that they're out of the wine that we wanted.  Fortunately I had another one picked out; after all; we had all this time to sit around waiting.  Wine finally comes out; and we're ready to order food.  Wouldn't you know it; they were out of one of the things we wanted.  Hello; did anybody ever think about crossing things off menus/lists; or maybe starting off by saying tonight we're out of...?  O.K. Jeremy; give us a minute so we can decide what else we want.  Tick tock; tick tock; waiting for him to come back again; so we can nail down the food order.  By this point we figure that if he doesn't come back in a few minutes; we're outta there.  He came back; we ordered; o.k.; now we're committed.  Tick tock; tick tock; totally ignored; no bread; no amuse bouche or anything to nibble on; only wine going right to our heads.  We're noticing another couple who also appear to be ignored.  The table next to us is served their first dish; and we have squat.  That's the last straw.  Jeremy finally comes over; with our stinkin' mixed green salad and ciabatta; and I told him to forget it.  I said that we didn't know if they're short handed in the kitchen; but there's no reason why people who got here after us should be served before us; and a salad should come right out of the kitchen (it's already prepped; for crying out loud) and a ciabatta's already baked and just needs to be warmed up.  We asked him for the check for the wine; so we could get out of there.  He apologized; and when he returned a few minutes later; apologized again; said that it was his fault; and there was no charge for the wine.  Forty five minutes after walking in the door; we walked out; absolutely disgusted.  From the snooty maitre d' to inattentive; inept service; this place was pathetic.  I don't know how they stay in business with crap like that.  We're in the Scottsdale area on vacation; and came here when we were in town last year.  We just missed out on lunch service last time; so we made a special point of getting there this time around; and could not have been more disappointed.
Below average bagels. Eggs had no taste. Fast service.
I do love this place. I have been going here for for New Year's even dinner as a tradition since moving to the Valley. My most recent visit did not disappoint. When I called for reservations they were already booked; so we tried our luck in the bar. Our perseverance paid off and we found a spot. The bar area is great and they have a bar menu that offers great food at a fairly cheap price. I had the NY strip and added the gorgonzola sauce that they serve on the pricier filet in the dining room. It was fantastic; the steak was cooked perfectly and the gorgonzola sauce is creamy and has just a little bite from the gorgonzola cheese. Our table also split the frito misto appetizer; the shrimp and calamari were very fresh and cooked perfectly.I have never had a bad meal here; the cioppino should not be missed. The service in the bar was friendly and very attentive; they make a heck of an old fashioned as well.
Ate here last night. Our server; Blake; left something to be desired. He forgot to give us the happy hour menu during happy hour!! Sort of defeats the purpose. He seemed new; or just disconnected. My main complaint is the HORRIBLE pear martinis. My wife had 2 of these and they were as weak as dishwater!!!  Also; we were charged the full price instead of happy hour price.Also; there is no way to contact the restaurant itself on their own website.
It seems that Two Drops has had some issues with their start up particularly with the scheduling of clients. My guess is that the overwhelming Groupon response has caused some chaos and the management just wasn't prepared for the traffic. However; I booked my appointments in advance and have a pretty good experience there. Rosario is the one who has done my facials and she's very personable and sweet. I appreciate good bed side manner at med spas so I like her very much. Hopefully Two Drops of Beauty can continue to progress organizationally and get more positive feedback.
Surprisingly uncrowded for Sunday afternoon.  Big portions; lunch prices for the win!  I wouldn't go for dinner because its overpriced IMO; but avoiding the crowds by going at off times and hitting it up for $14 lunch size pasta is a fair price in a non-chaotic environment.
Maybe it's because my expectations were so low that I really liked this place. Hadn't been to one of these in probably ten years and didn't remember loving it then. I figured an old chain restaurant like this would be resting on it's laurels and really crummy. What a surprise! It's a four star experience with three star food and fun/interestig/good service. Food - It's fresh and nicely cooked but that's it. This is not a foodie restaurant. But if you are a foodie and you don't want to eat crappy food; this is a nice substitute. Service- Very congenial; prompt and FUN. We sat at a cook table; and why else would you go here? We were seated with a young couple who had two tiny kids who were rambunctious and loud. And again.. that's the kind of place this is. So be prepared to actually deal with other people. if you want quiet go somewhere else. Our cook chef was amazing. Really talented and charming. Made the experience wonderful. It's different and fun; with nice people; nice service and decent food.
Man this place is something else.The food is tasty; the place is a totally wonderful dive; and the staff are fantastic.  I just wish the protein portions were larger and the rice and beans a little smaller.  They're all fantastic.  I got the Jade Chicken and Machaca in a quesadilla with black beans and jerk fried rice.  I think next time I'll try the emerald chicken in a quesdilla.
I should have walked away from this place as soon as I started the check-in process. The guy at the front desk wasn't helpful... apparently no one was available to assist in carrying bags to the room and there were no baggage carts to help you make one trip to the room. The room was the size of a bathroom. The walls are paper-thin and you're SOL if staying downstairs because everything creaks upstairs. You'd be lucky if you receive more than a bar when connecting to wifi.The only reason I'd give one star is because I forgot a couple personal items in the room and the head of housekeeping; Maria; was prompt in returning my call. She is putting my items to the side until I'm able to go back and pick them up; which is very sweet of her to do.There are so many nice places to stay in Scottsdale... pick one and spare yourself.
As for the restaurant itself it's a pretty small place.  Not sure how the busy they get; but if they ever do you could be in for a wait.Back to the food for a moment.  We had the special which was ham on bone; and Zwiebel Schnitzel with onion. The special was good and Schnitzel was just okay.  The atmosphere was nice and staff was friendly.
Good modern atmosphere and delicious cupcakes.
Friendly staff.I Came in and got quoted to install iPod support/new deck on my bmw; made an appointment because they didn't have one of the parts. A week later; I came in at the scheduled time and they forgot to order the part. I Came in a week later; and after inspecting my car; they decided they could not do it. A little annoying after having my car there 3 times prior and them not checking it out. I put a 40 dollar deposit down for reasons beyond me. (Don't put a deposit down on anything. I see no logic in it after going through the motions) Make sure to get a receipt if you do and keep it- you apparently need a large; yellow receipt if you're dealing with the owner. I physically came to the store and the owner would not credit my credit-card charged deposit. I Called in with my deposit information and still waiting to be credited a day later. *the 40 dollars was reimbursed 48 hours later.I took my z4 to the dealer and they installed an iPod player with a nice mount where the unused ashtray was. Cost $250 and took 1 hour.I would recommend this place if you make sure the person in the back can look over your car and confirm they can handle the job. Don't put a deposit down. Get a quote locked in and written upon first visit. All that being said; the staff is friendly.
Best atmosphere; modern; upscale; and energy!  Sushi is good.  Place is a real treat!
This is a cool place. I've been lucky enough to have visited some of the worlds most amazing zoos; but this one is nothing to sneeze at...unless you have allergies. Then dowhatchulike.Anywho; we had a company picnic here and really had a great time. It's quite a bit larger than I had thought it would be (and makes for a great excuse to get any of your lazy friends; family and enemies (if that's how you roll) to get out and do some walking.)Also; there are tons of things (mostly desert climate-related in nature) to see that you probably won't find at other zoos. We wandered for quite a while and were unable to locate the petting zoo; but loved the Stingray Bay petting tank; as well as going into the monkey enclosure where they are able to swing through the trees all around you. I would definitely recommend visiting here!
Excellent vibe and tasty food. Try it; you won't be disappointed.
Look;i don't know what the people who gave this place more than one star are smoking; but I could have used it today. Had to drop someone off. Lets give it a try i say to myself. Hmmm looks closed; lights off in the back. Wait a few minutes. Mysterious head pops up; comes out; takes my order. Must buy combo to get slice. Fine. Hmmm where do i sit. Lets try outside since every single table is dirty. Ok after 5 min a slice of cheese pizza is set before me. One taste and i couldn't tell if he gave me pizza or the box it came in. Look I love pizza. I'll even eat totinos; but two bites and i was gone. This place had to be a front for something. Maybe they have a hidden casino in the back. Maybe i didn't give the code word. Smuggling ring perhaps; cause it can't be a pizza place; that's for sure. Please close and make room for something eatable.
Love the new location...same GREAT mexican food; same GREAT service. Have been disappointed with the food at either FH locations.
OMG!!! If I lived in Scottsdale; I would go here ALL the time. Such a cute shop and great deals. I bought some cute stuff. I was informed that there's also a website. :DThat's a bonus!!
I absolutely love this place. The food is fantastic and the staff is very kind. Everything is fresh and prepared to order. The only minus is the music is too loud and the speakers are so sharp; which is not a good combination (my rating would be 5 stars if the environment was more enjoyable But don't let that stop you from enjoying some excellent food.
I stopped in here after using my Yelpy app to help me find a place for coffee and breakfast that wasn't the Starbucks in the PCC. Finding places like these are why I love Yelp. That said; I was a little lost since they had just moved and Google maps wasn't updated yet; so I was happy that I had decided to just keep walking in a straight line until I found something. And oh; I found something. The best breakfast burrito I've EVER had in my life. I don't remember what it was called; and it is not on their website; but it was full of eggs and vegetables and came with some hot sauce. The staff were very friendly and helpful since it was clear I had just stumbled into their shop. I was surprised when I tried to order a white mocha and their flavoring options were very limited; but the large vanilla late was not only pretty and made very deliberately to taste the way it did; it was quite tasty. It may have been shockingly bitter if you are used to ordering drinks with sugar syrups; but I had recently changed up my routine at my local coffee shop in Tucson to use sugar free white mocha so it was nice to mostly taste the coffee flavor in all its glory.They were also apologetic that their square app was running slow since they were still getting their Wi-fi moved from their other location; and there were a few men deciding how to hang a fairly large red chandelier; although I thought it looked like cool art right where it was on the floor. I was so happy with my find that I came back on day two of my conference and ordered the same coffee and a bacon and egg breakfast sandwich. Not only was it delicious with some tasty sauces; it was HUGE. Even though I tried my best; I couldn't eat the whole thing.
Royal Taj is the best Indian food there is. I didn't like Indian food until I came here with my wife a few years ago. This is one of our favorite restaurants of all time. We have tried Indian food all over town and in a few other cities and they all fall short when compared to Royal Taj. Royal Taj has the best basmati rice. Their garlic naan is always fresh and looked forward to. Every dish is amazing. Their Marsala and their korma are what we order the most. The sauces and gravies are rich and flavorful. The paneer tiki is a wonderful dish; as is the saag paneer as they both have amazing paneer cheese with a wonderful flavor and perfect texture. They have a full bar and great Indian beers as well as other import beers. This is real Indian food made by a nice Indian family. They even adjust the spiciness of each dish to your order.  We always stick with the medium spice.  If you go to the lunch buffet everything will be of a mild spice; but you can always order an entree for lunch instead of the buffet if you want it spicier.  My wife is a vegetarian and I'm a big meat eater and we both have allot to choose from here.  Long story short; if you like Indian food; Royal Taj is for you.  If you don't like Indian food; Royal Taj is also for you because any other Indian food you have had probably paled in comparison to Royal Taj.  Royal Taj will make you a fan of Indian food.
While I think Safeway is a bit overpriced in comparison to Walmart or Fry's; this location makes the extra price worth it.  I come here for lunch regularly and their soups are almost always fresh; their pizza making station is fun and they use only the best ingredients for making sandwiches.  I highly recommend the chicken artichoke sammich; its the best!
I was very impressed for a chain operation.  My chicken sandwich was very good.  You put your own condiments on your sandwich.  Drinks are not self-serve.  They have caffeine free sodas which is a nice touch.  Very good quality furnishings and fixtures.  Very pleasing color scheme.  Attentive people working here.
You can get anything and everything you can get from Costco in behemoth size.  I usually wouldn't write about a chain; but this Costco has to be one of the better organized and there are an abundant amount of workers to help you out.  Be prepared to spend at least $100.  You think you only need a few things; but you keep adding up more.  On this particular occasion for whatever reason; I spent more than $400.  I was definitely packing it in for the winter hibernation.  Lastly; they have their food court indoors; which is essential considering your food or icre cream would wither away in the 110 degree heat.
Every time I come here; its almost a full star worse than the last. Too bad; because I used to live very close. My first experience was great because I'm a Happy Hour Junkie and they had my FIX!Half price apps and good beers WERE the norm back then.Not anymore. Apparently my spending $50-$90 during happy hour on reduced price items here was too much for them so they changed the HH menu to a few select items; and now; not so great prices. GRRRR!If your looking for a place that is trying to be more of a Breast-rant; then go here. Otherwise; Its just overpriced bar food with a few signature items and lacking service that can be had pretty much anywhere else.
Andrea is wonderful!  Probably the best facial I have ever had.  I first went with my daughter and then went back for myself.  She takes the time to understand your skin and offers healthful suggestions.  Her techniques for massaging the face are incredible and she clearly loves what she does.  I have not yet tried the waxing; but that's next on the list.  The only drawback is that her location is in sort of a weird complex.  It's easy to find; however; just not where you might expect a spa to be.
I was so pleased with the service that we received on a recent visit to Chili's.  We often go get an afternoon snack of appetizers when we're out and about.  Hands down; one of our new favorite places to go is Chili's for their bottomless chips and salsa.  Order a couple of drinks and we're set for an afternoon snack.  Server was so friendly!  Honestly; it's been a while since we've had such great customer service!  He was all smiles while he brought us basket after basket of chips.  We actually joked about feeling bad that it was so cheap and that we ate so many chips.  His response; I'll bring you as many baskets of chips as you want!  That's what I'm here for!  Oh; and the chips and salsa are so good!  Totally unexpected for a large chain restaurant.  Fresh chips made in house and yummy salsa......it's actually kind of pathetic that we thought that the salsa was better than what is served in MANY of the Mexian food restaurants around town.  Salsa should never be an afterthougt.....Thanks for surprising us Chili's!
Cold tater tots. Kids grilled cheese was inedible; full of burnt black pieces. Burgers were over cooked & very dry. Disappointing experience. Won't be back.
Wowwww this food is the best fried fish and shrimp; I have ever had!!!!!!!!!! You must try it.
The drive through guy in the morning is so rude!!
Came here for our anniversary dinner. We were seated in the cutest booth with rose petals in a shape of a heart on the table. Super sweet!The food was good; service was good but the restaurant was DEAD! I was quite surprised. It was a Saturday night too.I loved the Heirloom Tomato Salad $13 (see pics); we ordered 2 sides the Sugar Snaps with Portabellas and since there were no mushrooms on the menu the server said he could get them for us as a side (we are both mushroom addicts!); my bf ordered some sort of fish but I can't remember. They sent a yummy chocolate dessert for our anniversary. The restaurant def has potential (great location too!) but just needs more of an atmosphere.
Wow. The food was amazing. The service was amazing. And the company was amazing. There's nothing more that needs to be said. Good work; Tanzy. Good work.Oh...there actually IS one more thing...Isaiah was ridiculously good at his job. Sincere; knowledgeable; and pretty damn funny too. He could be running the place!
I came here on Christmas night; hoping for a little appetizer to finish off the holiday right. You can't go wrong with a little sampler. Anyways; I walk in and was seated immediately. The table I was seated at had no utensils at the table.The person who took the drinks; took around 15 minutes to even get to the table. I ordered a coffee and it had to be the oldest coffee I have ever tasted so I kindly substituted it for a mere glass of coke.Like I said; I only ordered a sampler(as a half) which is mozzerella sticks; onion rings and chicken strips. Once I got my food; the mozzerella sticks were way overcooked; the onion rings were decent but the chicken strips were under cooked. Like; I'm talking still frozen in the middle. I was highly disgusted and paid the tab and left. I wouldn't recommend this particular Denny's.
Love this place; just tasty!
Chill spot!  Great vibe.  When the weather is nice out the patio is a really relaxing spot to have some drinks.  When it's cold they have heaters on the patio area.Happy hour is good.  Drinks are stiff and taste great. Good place to grab some food and drinks before you hit the clubs in the area.  Good service.the Forget About Philly Cheesesteak is delicious!
The only reason I'm not giving it 5 stars is because of their slow service.   Other than that the meat pie appetizer tasted just like mom used to make; chicken curry and homemade rotis; and the curry tofu rice and bean plate we're delicious and fresh.   I'll be looking forward to next weeks visit.
My parents and I went here because we had a Groupon.  I was pretty excited to try it out since it is so close to my house and my previous favorite pizza joint wasn't cutting it.  This place was a major let down and I will not be going back there.Meal:  I had a 12; original crust pizza with olives; ham; and mozzarella cheese.  Taste:  This was perhaps the most bland pizza I have ever had.  The crust didn't seem like it was cooked all the way . . . this is just a guess but I think it was a frozen crust.  I think a 2x4 with salt sprinkled on would have more depth and interesting flavors than this pizza.  4 out of 10.Value:  Had it not been for the Groupon; this would have been way too expensive.  This place is crazy expensive and it really feels like they nickle and dime you.  2 out of 5.Service/Cleanliness:  The people who work there are incredibly nice and they sure got the pizza out quick.  The person who took my order was the only real bright spot during the experience.  10 out of 10.Atmosphere:  It is a cute place but it would be nice if they had a place to sit down and eat.  I think if they did this; it would be a half way decent place to get lunch.  2 out of 5.Overall:  Skip this place.  The food is not good and the value is just as bad.  I would go here if it was the last pizza place in the east valley.  18 out of 30 points; 1 out of 5 stars.
I had had the California wrap and fries and washed it all down with a couple raspberry ice tea's. The food was good; fires were golden brown and nice and hot. Service was good too; atmosphere was awesome. Looks like a place that would better on a Friday afternoon or Sat. It a huge place and very nice wood work inside. Monitors on the wall playing good rock and decent country videos. I had fun; nice place.
Finally stopped by here.... ohhhh i miss Sushi Kings in Asia;;; but anyways;; we are in Chandler.Sushi here was a 3.5 i would say; Nice atmosphere but a little cozy. Staff very polite. We tried a few different items; and was a little surprised the portion = 2 pieces where most places are min 4.. anyways;; they were very tasty.We will be back; but since the portions are small; that will double our bill since we would order double up on each item.Shrimp Tempura was very light n crispy;;;; Would have like to try the oysters; but either no longer carried or out of season ?? Cya next time..
I dream about this place sometimes. I've been going to Burrito Co for over a decade and just love it. The salsa is so good; bean & cheese burro's delicious! They also have other great burros; but I am soo down the with this B&C that I hardly stray. Prices are pretty decent and the staff is nice. That being said; I am not a huge fan of the new building. It doesn't have the same charm/ambience as the original and I miss it.
So; on Christmas day I was doing the traditional fanfair of eating chinese and going to a movie.  I ended up skipping the movie; and came here for dinner instead. I've driven by this place plenty; since its a few miles south of where I live.  I've never eaten here before; but stopped in yesterday to grab some dinner.Upon entering; I found the prices to be fair.  $9.99 for an all you can eat chinese buffet with a decent variety of food.  I surveyed the buffet area and grabbed my share of food.  Here's some of what I found while dining here.They had a selection of some sushi; mexican food and tons of chinese food.  They had a decent selection of soups; and I went with the egg drop soup. Hot; tasty; and went down oh so good.  Had some sushi; and that was okay. Not the best; but seemed to get the job done.  Skipped the mexican and went right for the chinese food. I sampled a few dishes; and all were pretty tasty.  Orange chicken; sweet and sour chicken; Lo Mein noodles; all good.I think they even have alcoholic beverages for sale! I saw some booze on the back wall; but I didn't order any. Pretty neat that they sell booze!The downer? Desert section was aweful! Not only was there a crap selection; but it was hit beyond belief.  Most of the trays were all but gone and picked over when I was there.  Selection was seriously limited to putting; some very dry and bad tasting cake thingys; and some peaches in syrup. I went with the peaches because they had tons of ice cream; and with the weather being cold; I didn't want any ice cream. Desert area was just a fail over all.Not the best buffet; but not the worst. Food was okay; prices were fair; and there was a decent amount of seating.  I can't say I'll never be back; but considering it was open on christmas day; and some of the food was okay; I gave it 3 stars.  Just okay really.
This was our final meal of the trip.  My apple cinnamon French toast was one for the ages.  Very fluffy pieces of challah.  My wife had a scramble with bacon; spinach and Monterey Jack cheese; and even the toast that accompanied it was above and beyond what most places pass off as toast.Aside from the meal being top grade; I would say that the service here should be a model for all breakfast/brunch places to follow.  This is a very popular place; apparently; and they make it look so effortless to get everyone served promptly.  We were told the wait was 10 minutes; and it was probably five or so.  There was very little wait for the food to come out; and a new iced tea was put in front of me well before I had finished the current glass.  They have a huge staff; and they are all working hard and keeping up with the deluge of customers.
I said I wont come here again; but I am back. Not because I wanted to; but friends wanted to go there for the food. apparently they have good food. I got the grilled eggplant sandwich which had goat cream cheese; tomato jam and seasonal greens on their famous pretzel bun. Ah the pretzel bun is outta this world. (Check the pic) The 3 stars are for the bun; the grilled eggplant sandwich was meh; the sandwich was bland and moist. I believe they can make it better; but hey the pretzel bun is all you need to go there; or NOT. I asked the waiter for a Hot toddy; he said he doesnt have it; I asked for a moscow mule; he said he doesnt have it either and no gingery stuff; but he said he will make me something 'similar' with whiskey rye and he got it out and there was practically less than a quarter in whiskey glass and charged me $8 for it and it tasted nothing like anything he said; just saying! guess I am coming back for the pretzel bun.
We are not locals; but have friends with Fiesta Bowl tickets.  We have been to other pro; college venues.  This place is the most impressive we have been to (no; we have not made it to Dallas).  The sight lines are beautiful.  The seats are comfortable and roomy.  The sound system works well.  The massive end zone screens are great.  Concession stands are typical; well stocked and always overpriced.  Nice souvenirs available as well.  Parking is interesting; with a massive lot.  There is one in our party that is disabled and we were able to get close in parking.  All of the people that greeted us and sold us things and ushered us to our seats were incredibly pleasant and friendly as well.  The most impressive thing; however; is the security.  I have no explanation why people would spend hundreds or thousands of dollars to fly to a bowl game and get obnoxiously drunk and offend others who are there to enjoy the game and root for their favorite teams.  We had a bad encounter last year that was handled professionally.  This year was a major upgrade.  Security was pre-emptive; taking care of stumbling drunks before they could hurt themselves or others.  No; I am not against enjoying a drink at a sporting event; but when others start offending me by spilling drinks on me; I draw the line.  Now that my rant is over; I will come back here to enjoy sporting events and hope that my home town gets a similar facility some day.
First time here.  Loved the salad choices; lots of fruit/berries; all house-made dressings.  We found the clam chowder a little salty but would like to try other soups at another visit.
More soggy Rolled Tacos - five of them for $4 bucks. Slightly crispy on edges; but a mushy mess in the middle. This was through the drive-through at about 11pm. These were not good; but they are the kind of item you eat anyway if not good and regret it later. Will probably order a Burro here next time; since thats the name of the place; but they should know how to properly deep fry a rolled taco. Decent red sauce is available also.
Seriously...a great hotel; has a ton of amenities; but NO WiFi in the rooms?!?! are you serious??The gym is quality; the restaurants are passable; but -1 star for no free WiFi; what is this?? 2009???
for what it is; it is excellent. Definitely a second tier type sushi place. Excellent shrimp tempura. Noodle soups are hard to find in Phoenix and theirs are solid (although the champon is overrated IMHO)
Amazing job Lindsey; Yelp & Tanzy This was one of the best events for this year; the moment my plus 1 and I walked in we were greeted with a flute of champagne and when we were seated; the wine was free flowing;Our server Jill was amazing; answered all our questions; offered great wine pairings to go with our food; made sure our water/soda cup was never empty; very personable and you can tell she enjoyed her job; told us when we come back (which we will) to ask for her and she will be our server; I am all for that! My +1 and I were little late but when we got there; the appetizers where already out on the table; we got to indulge in calamari; house made mozzarella; beef capriccio which by the way was OMG DELISH!!! I am so sure I could have eaten the entire plate! An antipasto plate and this too die for crispy brussel sprouts; who would have thought; they were just so perfect! I also tried some of the best scallops I have had this year; they just melted in your mouth; and they were so good. And had some cedar plank salmon with couscous There e also was a sweet corn risotto and delish Bolognese going around.; also had the braised beef short ribs; that just fell apart with a touch of the fork; so tender and the Filet Mignon with fingerling potatoes and grilled asparagus; that filet melted like butter in your mouth; very very nice!  And let's not forget the Red Velvet bread pudding; it was perfect! Not too sweet not too bland; very moist and just right for a cold night! Along with the free flowing wine; Tanzy offered us a sample of a Christmas drink they had; maybe it was just for the night; not sure; but it was a mixture of pina colada & mint mojito; very delish; it was smooth and tasty! This event also had a white elephant gift exchange; which is extremely fun and funny;  walked away with a beautiful picture frame! Also need to say thank you to IPic for the movie passes; you can count on us being there soon!Yelp; Lindsey; Tanzy again thank you for a wonderful evening!
Love this place! Great crowd; great food; and the best part- 1/2 price bottles of wine on Sunday! The Uptown location is probably my favorite; but possibly just because it's closer to home (16th St and Bethany Home). Wait staff is attentive and friendly. Outdoor patio is great when weather permits; and if you can't get an outside table; the doors open almost all the way up; so get a table on the border and you can still enjoy it!
We came here after buying a groupon for it. We got two flights; two pints; two bottled beers; and two souvenir glasses. Great deal. I liked all the beers. The Fretzy's ale was my favorite. We were hungry so we were going for some food but there wasn't any. Don't know if you can bring your own... The dude working was super nice but I was just too lazy to ask.You can tell it's new. It still smells like new construction which I like. The only thing that wad strange to me was the art for sale. If anyone has ever seen the Portlandia sketch where the coffee shop calls looking for really terrible art; that's what it's like. Anyways; worth a stop and the next time in Phoenix I'll go back.
I am never babysitting again!!! It is harder than it looks. I was watching my uncles little kids and someone failed to mention that if I bought peanuts at the gas station I needed to wash my hands before making them lunch....So here I am with a willywonka blueberry girl swelling up like a hot air balloon. So I went to the nearest place to their house. I was in a panic; couldn't find their insurance cards; and for a second told them my niece's name was jazz (my cats name) hahaha They literally saved her life and helped me to not have a stroke.
being paleo; there aren't many fast food options that are quick and easy. i've got in'n'out and chipotle.... and now greek food! my boxing gym is in the next plaza over and i thought i'd try this place after a long night of working out and not wanting to cook or clean. Greeks is a small; family owned restaurant located in the Waterfall shopping center on Alma School. it's got a really nice cozy feel to it and you know that this place is pretty legit. i believe that the owner and his daughter were working the night i walked in. they were both extremely nice and made a few recommendations on the menu. i went with the gyro plate (no pita). the price was really reasonable (~$9).the food came fairly quickly and i was sent on my merry way. when i got home; i couldn't believe the amount of meat that was stuffed into the to go container. it was incredible! at other Greek food places i have experienced here in the valley; they usually skimp on the meat and add extra salad. not this place. the meat was juicy and flavorful; the greek salad was extremely fresh and made well; and the fries were crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. perfect! i've definitely added The Greeks Grill to my fast food rotation from now on :)
Lord have mercy!!! We went and checked out the Culinary Dropout (finally) this past Friday for the hubs birthday. We love Fox restaurants and hadn't been to this one yet. The atmosphere is really cool; kinda loud and totally fun. Our waitress was the cutest thing ever! She was on top of everything and a real pleasure; I don't remember her name but she had blond and pink hair and looked like a pin up model! For starters we got the soft pretzel bites with the fondue. Seriously amazing; you will be cheating yourself if you do not order these. For dinner I got the fried chicken with the honey  drizzle; I loved it; super crunchy! However the mashed potato's that came with were very gluey; I was not a fan of that. For dessert we had to order two because we couldn't decide between what to get; and I am glad we did! We were only going to get the peanut butter cup which was super amazing but then at the last minute I also tossed on the Carmel pudding dessert topped with the Carmel popcorn...OH MY GOD...I could eat this every day and never get tired of it! I am currently pregnant so I couldn't sample any of the cocktails; but the menu for them looked amazing; the husband ordered the crushed Irishmen and said it was very tasty!
I had been meaning to make the trip to Souvia for a while and happened to drive by it last weekend; so I made sure to stop in.  The staff/owners were super friendly and helpful while I smelled about a dozen of their teas; and I ended up doing a bit of holiday gift shopping for some friends of mine who are now Arizona ex-pats.  I picked out about five different kinds of tea to be packed up in little tins; and they wrapped them all up nicely in gift bags.  Of course I couldn't resist getting a couple of tins of tea for myself too: their Pumpkin Pie tea and their Pink Earl Grey; which has rhubarb in it.  This was a much better experience than dealing with Teavana in the mall (and without their hardcore; annoying commissioned sales force); and the tea quality and selection is better.  The only downside is that they're a bit of a drive for me.
just like home---well a bit different but real close!
It officially feels like Christmas after seeing the Nutcracker last night! We were very lucky to start the night with a chat with the Director of Production; Michael Panvinni. You could see how much he enjoys his job and ballet in his enthusiasm talking to us. He started by telling us the story of the nutcracker and then answered questions about the cast; back stage; and technical matters. It made the production even better knowing some of the background. We then got to watch the nutcracker!!! It was of course a fantastic production with excellent professional dancers and the orchestra was amazing. I really enjoyed the couple of moments added that made you laugh. Especially the rats! They were very funny. Thank you Lindsey; Yelp; and AZ Ballet for arranging this for us! It made a fan of the ballet out of me!
I really wanted this place to be better.  Great atmosphere ... they had a band playing; the servers were in fun outfits; and there's a giant pretzel outside.  Unfortunately that's pretty much all this place has going for it.  The food was decent (I had the Jagerschnitzel which the staff raved about; and an apple strudel); and the beers were of course great.  Overall worth checking out if you're in Downtown Glendale; but I likely won't be coming back.
When I got to the hotel; I let the front desk know that I needed a late checkout and needed SLEEP! I didn't t want to be disturbed at all. I had to pay extra for a 3:00 pm check out. It took me 30 minutes to find a place to park near my room. I was woke up FIVE times by housekeeping; even though my do not disturb sign was on the door and I told them every time they tried to come in the room; that I had a late check out and they needed to leave me alone! When I called the front desk; their response was a (sucks for you like) Im sorry. That's about it. I had to pay for another day; just to get some sleep for a long drive ahead. I would expect better customer service and staff understanding of specific needs of their patrons. I travel to Phoenix quite often and I'll never stay at this place again! Another issue; in order to use the in room refrigerator; you have to PAY! I would not recommend this Resort at all!
China Magic Noodle House is a tough one to rate. I would like to give it a 3.5; but couldn't really give it 4 stars. Please read below to understand why because truly their food is awesome!Let's start with the BAD. Service here is not only bad but tricky. If you walk in and more people walk in after you; you need to keep track of where you were in line to get seated properly and you can't be afraid to let them know you're next to be seated. Also don't try and seat yourself even if you see an available clean table. I watched another couple get scolded for that. They only have roughly 15 tables so if you go during a busy time expect to wait. Otherwise go at an off time like 2pm or 8pm and you'll be seated faster. Once you have a table; regardless if you were sat before another customer; you may not get to order your food before them as you would at another restaurant. To help get your order placed quickly once you've figured out what you want close your menus and start making eye contact with the people running the show. Next; if you order an appetizer do not expect to get it prior to your main dish. The first time we came here we ordered egg rolls; steamed dumplings; and two noodle dishes. The first item to make it to our table was my noodle dish; next came the dumplings; after that came my hubby's dish and lastly we received our egg rolls. So keep that in mind! Also they don't ever seem to ask if you want anything to drink so we always accept the water they bring and have yet to have any other type of drink. It always seems to be the same two guys that take care of all the tables so if you need something you really have to grab their attention. I'm not an overly assertive person and usually at restaurants I'll wait for a server to ask how I'm doing before asking for something but here they don't check on anyone so you literally need to make eye contact and maybe even give a little wave in order to have them come by. Once you're done with your food; again; you need to get their attention to get your check and some to-go boxes for your left overs. All of this is why I am giving the lower rating.The GOOD: Truly the food is fantastic! Every table gets a small plate with vinegar Chinese radish root shavings and boiled vinegar peanuts. If you've never had them give them a try! We are completely in LOVE with the egg rolls. They're extremely flavorful; very large; and come out piping hot. The steamed dumplings are also big and quite tasty. I would like to try their fried ones at some point. The first time we came here I had the noodles with beef and lemon and my hubby had their stir fried chicken noodle dish; both were tasty. Since then we have tried their noodle soup dishes and love them so much it's probably what we'll continue to get. The noodle soup dishes come out steaming hot with a heaping helping of flavorful broth; the seasoned meat of your choice; and veggies. It's excellent!The atmosphere is okay. They have about 15 tables as I stated earlier; this includes a handful of booths along the side wall; two large tables for big parties and some tables with chairs in the center of the dining area. On the walls they have pictures of their dishes; and towards the back there is a window where you can watch the handmade noodles being made from scratch.Despite the service issues we will continue to come here on a regular basis as we really love their food but until the service improves I have to keep the mediocre rating. Part of a dining EXPERIENCE is not just the food but the service and atmosphere and while the food is wonderful; their service is just very poor and lacking.
Going to Cerreta's candy is more than just going to a candy store-- it's a whole experience-- filled with the wonders of factory belt chocolates racing in front of your eyes; tours being given over loudspeaker; and delightful chocolates wrapped in Arizona-themed boxes. I have to tell you that I felt like I was in an I love Lucy episode for the first few minutes (you; know; the one at the chocolate factory...). Eating the chocolates was just as good as the look of their origin promised. I urge everyone to visit and delight in this local landmark!
The neo-Coliseum!... where the padded gladiators come to fight other padded gladiators unto the death!  The splendor!  The greatness of our new Rome in PHX!My analogy may be a stretch (I am; admittedly; a former FS who loved to hit); but a stadium really does set the stage for a fight; whether it is circa 127AD or 2013AD!  The Cardinals Stadium (now sponsored by a notorious degree-manufacturing institution) creates a great setting for a special game or event.  The stadium is easy to navigate in-person; and the fung shui is generally on par.  That is; it has a relatively new feel; plenty of amenities; and great views throughout most of the stadium.Ready for my complaints?  If not; I am:  the online seating charts and visuals suck.  The upper deck is much higher than the lower/ mid-level seats; and anywhere below the upper deck probably even offers a better view from a slanted angel.  Not knowing this; I incidentally purchased two different sets of tickets (one set for a slanted lower-deck view and another for a side; upper-deck view) for the sum of over $500 only to have to sell two for a $100 loss.The stadium is also frigid-cold in the winter.  Considering that they have a dome; they open it (probably wanting to save money instead of heating it) and the Western sun blinds (but warms... and even tans!) those in the upper Eastern side.  So; if you are sitting on the Eastern side (especially in the upper portion); bring sunglasses and/ or a hat.  Wherever you are sitting outside of the hot months; bring some warm clothes!In all; I enjoyed the stadium and look forward to my next visit.  I hope that my tips help you to have the insight that I wished that I had!
Phoestivus is a super-fun local holiday market; designed to promote small; locally-owned businesses.  It's held at the Wednesday night downtown Farmer's Market; and this year; expanded to two weeks.  The beer garden was a brilliant addition; and 100% of the profits from it go to support Community Food Connections; the wonderful organization that keeps downtown Phoenix from being a true food desert.  Local brews; local food trucks; local farmers and artists assure that the money you spend will stay here in our community.
Everytime I've been here for drinking purposes; it seems to be really packed around the bar.  It wouldn't be an issue if the bar staff could keep up with it.  As a customer it's annoying to see 4 people behind the bar but only tow of them are serving drinks.  I've been here on other occasions to eat.  Food was hit or miss.  One thing that paticularly stands out was the garlic parmesan wings.  I didn't order them; but a friend who had didn't like them and she gave them to me.Apparently despite being in the Phoenix Metro area this is not a Cardinals bar.  I didn't realize this until I was there for football and bloody mary's with the Cardnials game directly behind my friend on the TV; but the audio over the speakers was a different game.  I'm not sure why I'm still seeing ads promoting them as they supposedly closed the following week after I was there for an event.
BEWARE!!  Don't park your car here while traveling.We returned from 10 trip. Loaded car and started engine. Loud exhaust noise. Car catalyst vandalized (cut out) in parking lot that supposedly has security. The only security person we saw was on the day we returned and he was hanging out in the lobby. Hotel staff and bus driver said this has happened numerous times. General manager provided me with their insurance info as a way to get me out of the lobby knowing that their insurance company was not going to cover vandalism damage to our car. $2200.00 later; car is fixed. Situation was handled very poorly by Hampton Inn management.
The service and food was top notch. We were handed a specialty juice from the bartender when we entered and our car was waiting with chocolates and waters when we left. The food was amazing. Most of it was locally raised and grown. I am a pregnant pescatarian and they accommodated me; taking out beef broth and ham hocks when necessary. The decor was authentic and locally made as well. The beautiful views were also a plus. This is a splurge that is worth the money.
Tonight we gorged ourselves on all you can eat bbq ribs; chicken with gravy; ham with pineapple sauce; green beans; stuffing; oven roasted potatoes; coleslaw; baked beans; raisin bread; biscuits; and oatmeal raisin cookies.  If that sounds like a lot of food; it definitely was!  We rolled ourselves out the door afterwards; stuffed to the gills with delicious food.We started the meal with bread; biscuits; coleslaw; and baked beans.  The bread and biscuits had a pillowy; fluffy-soft texture and came with butter and prickly pear jam to eat it with.  The coleslaw was a nice tangy-sweet mixture; and the baked beans had the perfect balance of sweet with acidic flavor.  The meats; green beans; and potatoes came next.  The ribs were fall-off the bone tender; with a sweet; smoky bbq sauce.  The ham had a nice flavor and wasn't overly salty.  The chicken was tender; with moist stuffing underneath it.  The potatoes were nicely roasted; with a perfect amount of seasoning.  Out of all the sides; the green beans and stuffing tasted the weakest to me; as they didn't have as much flavor as the other elements in the meal.  The cookies as dessert were delicious; and had a nice chewy; soft texture.Service was warm and friendly; and drinks as well as any extra food items were refilled as needed.  Be sure to check out the little gift store before you go too; if you're in the market for kooky Arizonan knick-knack type stuff.
We had a late lunch here the day after Christmas. Staff was very friendly and service was great. Sushi was fresh and large portions. If I ever return to the Phoenix area I'll be there again.
I have one big gripe about this place: the prices. The portions that you receive for the price you pay are off balance. The price most likely represents the location of the restaurant; not the food or quality of ingredients.The food itself was good; but nothing more spectacular than Olive Garden in terms of Italian cuisine. As I said above; the portions are not that big for the price. They aren't small; but splitting a meal is pretty much out of the question.I had the white sangria which was very tasty if extremely light (as in non-existent) on the alcohol and it came in a small goblet. $7 for a small sangria is too much; but that is on par with my entire experience here so...The staff were professional and our drinks stayed filled so no fussing there.I guess I would go back sometime as long as I wasn't footing the bill.
Valle Luna was recommended to me by a colleague while traveling on business to Phoenix; Arizona.  Needless to say: I visited Valle Luna at least two more times later that week.Each visit; there was a small wait - At least 10 to 15 minutes.  There is; however; plenty of room; both inside and outside; to wait.Once seated; chips and salsa were received at the table almost instantly.  Each time; the waiter or waitress was shortly behind to gather my table's drink order.  On one visit; I had the high-end margarita with top-shelf tequila; which comes served in a mason jar; but is average amongst other margaritas I have had.The chips always came to the table warm; although on at least one occasion; we seemed to have gotten the last batch of chips for the day (there were few that were whole).  The salsa has a ton of flavor; but not very much heat.I have had several dishes during my visits to Valle Luna; and although a single one does not stand out more than the other; I can say that the fajitas are really good (who can mess up grilled chicken and steak?!).A word of caution: Valle Luna's food seems to expand in the stomach; which can and *will* catch up with you!  I have made several attempts to be coherent of my food intake in an effort to avoid overeating; but it never did work.
Evan was the perfect host! Great service; great cut....and the Snake Bite beer made it a five star experience. Highly recommended!
I have lived down the street for a couple of years; but a good friend from college moved just moved to town so we needed a place to grab a beer.  Enter the Teakwoods since they won 2012 Best Wings 9 If you are into that) and it fits the bill nicely. The wait staff is really friendly from the hostesses to the bus people.  It's a pretty typical neighborhood bar although they do have a separate section of the restaurant for families to hang out so you have less of the Sweet Home Alabama looks.  It's a very comfy place with lots of TV's and always a people around.The wings according to all my friends are very good.  Since I am a vegetarian I highly recommend the ultimate grilled cheese sans bacon.  It's not the healthiest thing you could ever have; but it goes great with a Snake-Bite.  I also appreciate you can get any of their burgers with a veggie patty so you can switch up from the grilled cheese every once in awhile.This is a great bar if you want a friendly atmosphere and good bar food.Try:* Onion Rings* Ultimate Grilled Cheese w/ Snake-Bite
Get George's Special with giardiniera; and grab a Bundeburg Ginger Beer.I know this review was terse; but if you haven't been here before; this is all the information you need.
My husband and I have wanted to try this place out for some time now.  We finally made it in last night.  For those of you who aren't big fried fish fans; they have other stuff too like burgers and chicken strips.  I ordered the #1 seafood combo; which is 1 fish; 4 shrimp and fries.  I was expecting the shrimp to be smaller; but they were actually filet size.  Neither the shrimp or fish impressed me.  They come with two 2 oz containers of this special sauce; which wasn't that great.  The fries were decent; not great.  It took awhile for the food to be ready; but I think that's because they don't put it in the fryer til you order it.  If you do go here; be prepared...they only accept cash (they don't take $50 or $100 bills).  There is an ATM there.
As a Marylander myself; I must tell you that this is one of my top 5 favorite seafood restaurants ever (including places in MD).  I had the crab and lobster bisque that was too much for one to share but I had to take it back to my hotel with me.  It's been a while; but I believe I had salmon with shrimp and I a sweet potato.  Scrumptious!  I barely are the salmon; probably took a bite and ate a shrimp or two because I was so full from bisque.  Ask if I cared?  Nope!  Wrapped that sucker up too!Oh and let's not forget about the ambiance.. this place is gorgeous on the inside.  I'm so glad I had my work attire on because everyone else seemed to.  It was a Wednesday night by the way.  I'm going back to Phoenix in February had plan to do the same exact thing.  Shop across the street in that gorgeous mall and end my night with dinner and drinks at Wildfish :)
I've been to a few different Paradise Bakeries before and this one is no different. You can either call ahead or wait in line. Sometimes; waiting in line is worth it as there's this really sweet lady who walks around handing out fresh from the oven cookies. I normally order a sandwich (bacon turkey bravo) but their soups and salads are good too. I like their french onion soup the best and the roll that comes with it is a perfect accompaniment. The food is consistently good and the employees are generally friendly and accommodating. The one thing I don't like is the location. Sure; it's close to work and is perfect for lunch; but the parking is atrocious. It's difficult to get in; it's difficult to get out; and good luck finding a space! I'd recommend coming either before or after the lunch rush.
I received a Groupon for either a one hour facial or one hour massage. I chose the facial. It was my first time getting one and it was very relaxing. My whole experience was excellent. The only negative would be that occasionally I could hear people talking loudly in the lobby/waiting area; however this was only a couple times and it didn't bother me too much. Regardless I think I will be returning as it gets closer to my wedding.
WoW!Im very impressed with the outstanding service provided by the entire staff.  The manger introduced herself and she was so cordial and attentive.  The waitress provided phenomenal customer service with a sincere and bright smile on her face.The food is amazing. You got to try this place.  You know the food will be good when you first bite into the salad and the salad is outstanding.  I coudlnt wait to dig into my entree; the grilled cheese portobello.  The combination of flavors along the heavenly tasting focaccia bread makes you want to go back for more. The bread melts in your mouth.  Kudos to the staff and manager for such an amazing experience!!!
Great food; excellent service; this will become a regular of ours!
Nothing to complain about; but I really don't see why it's so special.
I had a flat this morning; and this shop is close to work...did not even know it! Awesome; friendly staff; quick and expert repair; checked out other loose and squeaky things to ensure bike safety; and an assortment of stocking stuffers and Santa-caliber stuff; too; in case your cycling pals need some Ho Ho Ho. Thank you! I will be back. Hopefully next time for fun and not a repair!
If I could give no stars I would. I paid $5.34 for a burger that was so cold I would be skeptical to believe a rumor that it was ever warm. I brought it back; got my money back from a manager that didn't seem remotely abashed; as if it was normal routine at this Burger King on Bell Rd and 7th St.
I've been a patron of The Snap Lounge since Fall 2004.  It's a small place and has been constantly changing for the better through the years.  There was a big renovation that expanded the area that used to be a bathroom into a dance floor.  They also have huge flat screen tv's to watch the games on including the cable sports package.I've met so many good and hard working people there and I don't understand why people complain or have negative things to say. The one thing they all share in common...CHEAP DRINKS.  They should also mention that billiards are only 25 cents a game everyday.Jack M. was probably one of the drunks there on new years eve. It is a bar and people do drink and get tipsy.  Also; there was staff there serving the main dishes for the dinner and it was Fry's chicken; not KFC.Dee M. the news was incorrect that the fight was inside the bar; it happened off the property after the bar closed. Thanks to the Snap Lounge Security that was there to help the people being attacked or they could have been seriously injured.Shanda J.: the Snap of OLD is exactly that... in the past.Korin A. & Andy S.: Thanks for your positive reviews; people need to know that The Snap Lounge is just a small; friendly and fun place to hang out.
We visited on a Friday evening - wow; is it popular!  We had a party of 16 but had phoned ahead.  They had us seated pretty fast and the service was absolutely great!  I had a Ruben Sandwich and it was very tasty; but I really loved the home made tasting Cole Slaw that came with it.  I stole some of my wife's French Fries - very yummy!  I didn't have a beer; but several others at our table had draft beers delivered in very large frosty mugs ... mmmmm.  I had iced tea and it was weak - I like a stronger tea.  I will definitely come back again soon.
I've been a regular customer of Boulders on Broadway for 4+ years.  Over that time; my friends and I developed relationships with the wonderful servers there; who always remembered our names; our favorite dishes; and who were always willing to recommend a great new beer from the extensive; ever changing list.In the past year or so; however; this place has gone downhill fast.  The online beer list never matches the beers on the chalkboard; so it's hard to order without checking with your server about what's ACTUALLY going to be on tap.  They also no longer have prices posted; so more than once I have been surprised by ordering a premium beer when no indication of this was given on the menu.  Unfortunately; in our past 3 visits; we've sat for 15-20 minutes before actually being visited by a server.  On one occasion this summer; I found a fly in my salad.  Their employee turnover has also been unreasonably high as of late...gone are those friendly servers who remembered our names and made us feel welcome.  In the past year; we've had a different server on every visit; and every time they seemed brand new (didn't know the beer list; forgetting our order; etc.).  The final straw was that in our last two visits; the servers have been not only incompetent but downright rude; even insulting people at our table to our faces.Sorry Boulders...based on our history; I've given you too many chances.  No more.
I have seen may barbers over the years and Tony is the only barber I know in Arizona that can do the Classic Scissor Cut.  If you are looking for a real classic cut then you need to see Tony.  Tony does other styles but I think that people need to experience Tony's Classic Scissor Cut.  Are you still reading this review.....GO!!!
We went for lunch using a groupon.  Great service; good burgers; plenty of food for left-overs; but quite expensive..  I'd only go back if I had a 1/2 off coupon.
